1905a5c5168ecaa2
NYPL Connect <enews@email.nypl.org>
Celebrate Disability Pride Month and Summer at the Library!
Enjoy Pride Weekend with activities at NYPL, win prizes with our Summer Reading Adventure for adults, register for our Banned Book Club author talk, and find accessible resources for all ages. ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ View in browser Forward Donate Get SimplyE, the Library's free e-reader app! SimplyE on iOS SimplyE on Android In the Spotlight Join Us! July Is Disability Pride MonthCelebrate Disability Pride Month with free events and resources at The New York Public Library throughout July. Discover a wide array of accessible resources and programs, including book recommendations, sensory-friendly exhibition tours, accessible technology training, adaptive board games, braille study groups, audio-described film screenings, and more. LEARN MORE ᐳ NYPL's Andrew Heiskell Braille & Talking Book LibraryPatrons of all ages who are blind, visually impaired, or otherwise physically unable to read standard print can get free accessible materials through the Library. Materials are available in a wide range of formats including braille, talking books, and magazines, along with players and apps, at NYPL's Andrew Heiskell Braille and Talking Book Library. LEARN MORE ᐳ Accessible & Assistive Technology WorkshopsHeiskell Library provides expert-led workshops focused on assistive technology tools, from Sensational BlackBoards to AI and voiceover. Plus, find braille study sessions, discussion groups, and community events at Heiskell Library. ATTEND ᐳ Summer Art Workshops with Kaela Mei-Chee ChambersJoin Heiskell Library in partnership with The High Line for hands-on workshops with artist Kaela Mei-Chee Chambers, whose art is inspired by her mother's experience of aphasia. Participants will have the opportunity to contribute to a new work of art that will form part of an installation at Heiskell Library. ATTEND ᐳ Sensory-Friendly Family Days at the Polonsky ExhibitionWed, Jul 17 & Jul 31 | 10 AM–12 Noon | Stephen A. Schwarzman Building Visitors can explore highlights from our world-renowned research collections with sensory-friendly family days at the Polonsky Exhibition of The New York Public Library's Treasures on July 17 and 31. No reservation is required. Plus, explore the Library's treasures using our audio guide with verbal descriptions, available anytime and anywhere with Bloomberg Connects, the free arts and culture app. LEARN MORE ᐳ GET THE APP ᐳ Summer at the Library For Kids! Summer Adventure Starts Now Join us on a journey of discovery all summer long! Kids can check out Summer Adventure programs in branches starting July 1 and download activity sheets to explore New York City and everything that makes our neighborhoods and communities amazing and fun. Activity sheets are available in English, español (Spanish), and 中文 (Chinese). Plus, discover everything Summer at the Library has to offer, including more free programs for kids and teens, events and activities for adults, reading recommendations, exhibitions, and much more! LEARN MORE ᐳ NYPL's Teen Voices FestivalWed, Aug 7 | 12 Noon–4 PM | Stephen A. Schwarzman Building Register now for our annual Teen Voices Festival! Meet YA authors, connect with organizations where you can get your work published, take part in free arts workshops, and browse artwork by NYC teens. Plus, enjoy free giveaways and take the opportunity to create work to submit to our Teen Voices magazine contest! ATTEND ᐳ For Adults! Win Prizes with Our Summer Reading Adventure NYPL has teamed up with the National Book Foundation to help give your summer reading a sense of adventure! Drop by select branches in the Bronx, Manhattan, and Staten Island to pick up an activity card with suggestions to inspire you, whether it's trying audiobooks, checking out book-to-screen adaptations, or getting a recommendation from your friendly neighborhood librarian. Complete your first activity to qualify for a free National Book Foundation tote bag while supplies last. You can also complete your Summer Reading Adventure online—get started today! LEARN MORE ᐳ More Summer Highlights Show Your Pride with NYPLThrough Jun 30 Pride Weekend is almost here! Join the Library to celebrate with a wide array of free events across the Bronx, Manhattan, and Staten Island, including film screenings, craft sessions, and more. Explore an exhibition at the Schomburg Center about the work of Black lesbian and feminist writers Alexis De Veaux and Cheryl Clarke—plus, discover our landmark collections on LGBTQ+ history and more resources from the Library. LEARN MORE ᐳ Book Available! Taffy Brodesser-Akner with Jake Silverstein: Long Island CompromiseTues, Jul 9 | 7 PM | Stephen A. Schwarzman Building & Online Bestselling writer Taffy Brodesser-Akner joins Jake Silverstein, editor in chief of The New York Times Magazine, to discuss her new book, Long Island Compromise, about one American family, the dark moment that shatters their suburban paradise, and the wild legacy of trauma and inheritance. You can pre-order Brodesser-Akner's book at registration! ATTEND ᐳ Banned Book Club Event with Kalynn Bayron: Cinderella Is DeadThurs, July 25 | 3 PM | Online Join The New York Public Library and teens from across the country to discuss our current book club title, Cinderella Is Dead, with author Kalynn Bayron! In this YA novel, set 200 years after Cinderella found her prince, teen girls are required to attend the Annual Ball—and if they don't find a husband, they're never heard from again. Bayron will talk about the book and the importance of the freedom to read. ATTEND ᐳ Books for All: Explore MoreNYPL is dedicated to free and open access to information and knowledge—a mission directly opposed to censorship. Find out how you can get involved in protecting the freedom to read—plus, join us for free programs and events for all ages and dive into our previous Banned Book Club picks using our downloadable discussion guides and author talk recordings. LEARN MORE ᐳ Get Free Tickets to Museums & Attractions with Your Library CardUse your library card to book free passes to cultural sites around the five boroughs through Culture Pass! Find free passes to museums including the American Museum of Natural History, The Frick Collection, and the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum, as well as outdoor attractions including the New York Botanical Garden and Wave Hill. LEARN MORE ᐳ More from the Library Dive into NYPL's Summer Staff Picks: Accessible TitlesThis summer, find your next great read with our list of more than 100 books for kids, teens, and adults curated by our expert librarians. Many of these titles are available in accessible formats. If you are unable to read standard print, the Andrew Heiskell Library provides free access to talking books, talking book players, braille, a talking book download website, and a free talking book and e-braille app for mobile devices. LEARN MORE ᐳ New! Virtual Interview Room at the LibraryMon–Fri | 9 AM–5 PM | Stavros Niarchos Foundation Library (SNFL) Job seekers can now take remote interviews from the new Virtual Interview Room at the Stavros Niarchos Foundation Library (SNFL)! This space offers a high-quality laptop and webcam and a quiet, professional setting, ensuring you present your best self to potential employers. Learn how you can book the room for your interviews and find more career help from the Library. LEARN MORE ᐳ Investing A to Z: Make Your Money Work for YouJul 16–Aug 27 | 12 Noon | Online Navigate the basics of investing and growing your money with this seven-part series from the Library's Thomas Yoseloff Business Center and the Museum of American Finance. Hear from professional investors about what to look for when reviewing stocks, bonds, mutual funds, and options. LEARN MORE ᐳ Discover More Free Author Talks & Events!Be the first to know what's coming up at the Library with our biweekly NYPL Events e-newsletter. Stay updated on the latest programs and events from your local branch and special events like our popular Library After Hours series. GET UPDATES ᐳ More for Kids & Teens KidsLIVE: Maria Gianferrari & Monica MikaiTues, Jul 2 | 3:30 PM | Online Join NYPL librarians for a very special author talk with author Maria Gianferrari and illustrator Monica Mikai! In this program, we'll be discussing their book Thank a Farmer. There will be an audience Q&A followed by an activity you can complete at home! ATTEND ᐳ Enter NYPL's Summer Writing Contest for KidsDeadline: Fri, Aug 2 NYC kids are invited to enter our annual summer writing contest for the chance to win a prize! This year, we want you to describe an exciting journey (real or imagined!), what adventures happen along the way, and what the characters in the story discover. A winner in each contest category (comic strip, story, or report) will receive a Writer's Dream Kit. Everyone who enters will also be invited to our Summer Writing Contest Ice Cream Party! LEARN MORE ᐳ Teen Voices Magazine Contest Open NowDeadline: Wed, Aug 14 Calling all teens! The New York Public Library wants to publish your artwork and writing in the next edition of Teen Voices, our magazine by and for teens. We want to hear about your important journeys, both real and metaphorical, what happens, and what you learn along the way. Learn how you can enter for the chance to win a $100 gift card! LEARN MORE ᐳ Creative Writing Workshops for Teens at NYPLJul 13–Aug 3 | Various Locations & Times This summer, get inspired by professional authors at special creative writing workshops for teens. Hear more about the writers' creative journeys, ask questions, and get started on something you could submit to our Teen Voices magazine contest this summer. Teens who attend all three workshops at one of our participating branches will receive a special gift and be invited to read their work at the Teen Voices Festival on Wednesday, August 7. ATTEND ᐳ Support the Library Library Shop Exclusive! NYPL Lion BookmarkGet the perfect bookmark for your summer reading at the Library Shop! Mark your place with one of the marble lions that have proudly welcomed all visitors to NYPL since 1911. SHOP ᐳ Donate Now & Guarantee Your Monthly ImpactOur monthly donors allow us to plan ahead and assure the ongoing success of the Library's mission, benefiting millions of patrons in the process. Now is the time to make a monthly gift! DONATE ᐳ Get More from NYPL Explore the New Catalog NYPL Service Updates Get a Library Card E-Books & Audiobooks Resources for Kids & Teens Research Collections Events & Classes Need Help? Ask NYPL If you received this email from a friend and would like to stay updated on our offerings, sign up to receive NYPL Connect. Sponsors Major support provided by the New York Life Foundation, the 2024 city-wide sponsor for the Summer Reading and Learning Programs. Additional support is provided by Jane Lauder; The Rona Jaffe Foundation; New York Yankees Foundation; anonymous donors; and the continuing major support of the Andreas C. Dracopoulos Family Endowment for Young Audiences. Audiences. KidsLIVE programs are sponsored by the Andreas C. Dracopoulos Family Endowment for Young Audiences. Montblanc is the Lead Sponsor of the 2024 Summer Learning Writing Contest. LIVE from NYPL is made possible by the continuing generosity of Celeste Bartos, Mahnaz Ispahani Bartos and Adam Bartos, the Margaret and Herman Sokol Public Education Endowment Fund, and the support of Library patrons and friends. These programs and initiatives are part of the Library's overall commitment to our branch patrons and education programs, led by the Merryl and James Tisch Director of Branch Libraries and Education. Major support for educational programming is provided by Merryl H. and James S. Tisch. This email was sent to KELVIN4JAISON@GMAIL.COM by The New York Public Library. NYPL Connect is an e-newsletter that features events, resources, service updates, and more from The New York Public Library. To remove yourself from these updates, click the Manage Your Subscriptions or 1-Click Unsubscribe links below. Donate | Update Your Profile | Manage Your Subscriptions | 1-Click Unsubscribe | Privacy Policy | Contact Us The New York Public Library | Stephen A. Schwarzman Building | Fifth Avenue and 42nd Street | New York, NY 10018
