19035f5301055472
Waking Up <team@news.wakingup.com>
New Sessions: Wisdom Texts, by Jayasāra
Listen Now. In a new installment of Wisdom Texts, Jayasāra reads extended passages from three renowned teachers of Dzogchen—Patrul Rinpoche, Longchenpa, and Naropa—exploring the nature of mind, the clarity of awareness, and the illusion of separateness. “Resting in the natural state, without seeking anything, without any specific method concerning how or when to rest—that is meditation.” —Longchenpa, as read by Jayasāra Artwork by Valero Doval Wisdom Texts Dzogchen & Mahamudra by Jayasāra Join to Listen In a new installment of Wisdom Texts, Jayasāra reads extended passages from three renowned teachers of Dzogchen—Patrul Rinpoche, Longchenpa, and Naropa—exploring the nature of mind, the clarity of awareness, and the illusion of fundamental separateness. The following sessions are now available: The Natural State of Mind, by Patrul Rinpoche Expansive Awareness, by Longchenpa Mahamudra Summary, by Naropa About Jayasāra Jayasāra has studied and practiced Buddhism and meditation in various capacities for over 35 years. She has a Ph.D. and Master’s Degree in education, focusing on comparative spiritual traditions, Buddhism, and psychotherapy. Jayasāra is a 10-precept nun in the Theravada tradition and lives at Viveka Hermitage in southern New South Wales. A new operating system for your mind. Waking Up isn’t just another meditation app. We help you open the door to a deeper understanding of yourself—and a new way of seeing the world. We hear from many members that Waking Up is the most life-changing app they’ve ever downloaded. We invite you to join us today. If you purchase a subscription from us directly, you can get a year of unlimited access to Waking Up for $30 off our in-app price. Click on the button below to get started. Become a Member While we operate a business, we never want money to be the reason someone can’t use Waking Up. We offer free membership to anyone who can’t afford our annual price, along with partial scholarship options. We also strive to help alleviate suffering on many other fronts. Waking Up donates a minimum of 10% of our profits to the most effective charities throughout the world. Related Everything As It Is James Low Understand the teachings of Dzogchen—a non-dual contemplative tradition from Tibet—with profound clarity and relevance to your everyday life. Wisdom of the Masters Jayasāra & Sam Harris Sam and Jayasāra discuss monasticism, Theravada, Vipassana, psychedelics, grace, and more. Advaita Jayasāra Jayasāra reads passages from some of the most well-known teachers of Advaita Vedanta—a Hindu non-dual tradition—with selections from Ramana Maharshi, Nisargadatta Maharaj, H.W.L Poonja (often referred to as “Papaji”), Anandamayi Ma, and others. The Waking Up Team FAQ + Support Foundation Send a Gift My Account Share Waking Up LLC 1040 1st Ave., #226, New York, NY 10022Copyright 2024 — All rights reserved. Update your message preferences or unsubscribe from our emails.
