1905a06dc5159aa6
Waking Up <team@news.wakingup.com>
New Conversation: Life and Work, with George Saunders
Listen Now. Sam speaks with author George Saunders about his creative process. They discuss George’s involvement with Buddhism, the importance of kindness, psychedelics, writing as a practice, the work of Raymond Carver, the problem of social media, our current political moment, the role of fame in American culture, Wendell Berry, fiction as way of exploring good and evil, “The Death of Ivan Ilyich,” missed opportunities in ordinary life, what it means to be a more loving person, his article “The Incredible Buddha Boy,” the prison of reputation, Tolstoy, and other topics. “Writing is actually a kind of meditation. You sit there and don’t discount anything. You don’t override anything. You just say: What’s happening right now?” —George Saunders Portrait by Jason Chatfield New Conversation Life and Work with George Saunders Join to Listen In Life and Work, Sam speaks with author George Saunders about his creative process. They discuss George’s involvement with Buddhism, the importance of kindness, psychedelics, writing as a practice, the work of Raymond Carver, the problem of social media, our current political moment, the role of fame in American culture, Wendell Berry, fiction as way of exploring good and evil, “The Death of Ivan Ilyich,” missed opportunities in ordinary life, what it means to be a more loving person, his article “The Incredible Buddha Boy,” the prison of reputation, Tolstoy, and other topics. About George Saunders George Saunders, born in Amarillo, Texas, raised in Chicago, is the author of twelve books, including Lincoln in the Bardo, which won the 2017 Man Booker Prize for the best work of fiction in English, and Tenth of December, a finalist for the National Book Award. He is also the author of A Swim in a Pond in the Rain, a book about the Russian short story. In 2013, he was named one of the world’s 100 most influential people in the world by Time magazine. He has taught, since 1997, in the Creative Writing Program at Syracuse University. A new operating system for your mind. Waking Up isn’t just another meditation app. We help you open the door to a deeper understanding of yourself—and a new way of seeing the world. We hear from many members that Waking Up is the most life-changing app they’ve ever downloaded. We invite you to join us today. If you purchase a subscription from us directly, you can get a year of unlimited access to Waking Up for $30 off our in-app price. Click on the button below to get started. Become a Member While we operate a business, we never want money to be the reason someone can’t use Waking Up. We offer free membership to anyone who can’t afford our annual price, along with partial scholarship options. We also strive to help alleviate suffering on many other fronts. Waking Up donates a minimum of 10% of our profits to the most effective charities throughout the world. Related Vocabularies of Being Jane Hirshfield Sam and Jane discuss Jane’s meditation practice and her poems, five of which she recites. The Pilgrim's Way Pico Iyer Learn how travel can be a practice of stillness, focus, and self-discovery. Knowledge Work Cal Newport Sam and Cal discuss slow productivity, social media, trading money for time, and more. The Waking Up Team FAQ + Support Foundation Send a Gift My Account Share Waking Up LLC 1040 1st Ave., #226, New York, NY 10022Copyright 2024 — All rights reserved. Update your message preferences or unsubscribe from our emails.
