1901ff5688eee3fa
The IntelliJ IDEA team <idea-support@jetbrains.com>
Unlock the power of AI in IntelliJ IDEA
Learn how AI technologies in IntelliJ IDEA can help you with daily tasks ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ F Store | What's new Hello! We believe that when used wisely, AI can be an incredibly powerful tool for developers. That’s why we created our AI Assistant – your new coding companion! It's the latest addition to IntelliJ IDEA and is only available with certain plans. Wondering what it can do? AI chat Use the AI Assistant tool window to have a conversation with the LLM (large language model). Feel free to ask our AI Assistant about any programming topics or give it a task! Even cooler? It tailors its responses to the language and technologies used in your project. In-editor code generation To ensure you stay in the coding flow and maintain your coding speed, simply add your code generation request right within the editor. To do so, select a code fragment and right-click it to call up the AI Actions menu, and then select the Generate code action. Refactor your code The Suggest Refactoring option from the AI Actions menu allows you to transform your code from cluttered to clean, enhancing both its appearance and performance effortlessly. We hope you'll try AI Assistant and discover its excellent features. And what's coming up next? We're about to unveil the secrets to errorless code. Stay tuned! Your IntelliJ IDEA team JetBrainsThe Drive to Develop Mail preferences | Unsubscribe | Privacy policy You are receiving this email because you've opted in on our website or inside one of our products. If you no longer wish to receive IntelliJ IDEA educational materials during your trial period click here. Our mailing address: JetBrains s.r.o., Na Hřebenech II 1718/8, 14000 Prague 4, Czech Republic
