19026e652c1da9e9
Capital One Shopping <hello@capitaloneshopping.com>
Price drop alert! You can save $30.00 on Philips Hifi Stereo Headphone With 50mm Neodymium Driver, Shp9500
⚡ Price Drop $30.00! Philips Hifi Stereo Headphone With 50mm Neodymium Driver, Shp9500. Earn 4.5% Rewards too! Save $30.00. We're reinventing online shopping and it's kinda genius. Lifetime Rewards & Savings$10Price Drop Alert! Philips Hifi Stereo Headphone With 50mm Neodymium Driver, Shp9500$49.99$79.99+4.5% in Rewards, Up to $250Save $30.00Product Last Viewed June 14, 2024Prices shown are based on recent prices seen by Capital One Shopping users. Price history is for this specific item on this site only. Product matching is based on information provided by merchants and is not guaranteed. Prices may change and are also not guaranteed. Savings may vary. Exclusions may apply, see exclusions below and merchant site for more details.Here's something else for you!Get DIRECTV your way - over the internet or with a satellite dishGet $25 back at DIRECTV with Capital One Shopping!Shop NowShopping Rewards only available to new DIRECTV users after purchase. Savings Don't Stop Here!We're reinventing online shopping andit's kinda genius.Discover More DealsOne click is all it takes to save. Is this email helpful?Copyright © 2024, Wikibuy Holdings, LLC. All rights reserved.Capital One Shopping, PO Box 269030, Plano, TX 75026-9030Important information from Capital One Shopping:Shopping Rewards are not available on the purchase of gift cards, Best Offer purchases or bullion. Shopping Rewards are only earned on legitimate Winning Bid or "Buy It Now" transactions. Shopping Rewards will not be earned on unpaid items with eBay.You received this email offer as a valued Capital One Shopping customer. To make a qualifying purchase, you must click an offer button above, and then complete a purchase at the selected merchant's site, in the browser opened by your device, within 24 hours. Offer is not valid by any other method, including purchasing via a merchant’s mobile app. In addition, you may not earn more than $250.00 worth of Shopping Rewards in any single transaction.Please do not reply to this message, as this email inbox is not monitored. For any questions, or to contact us, please review our FAQ section and our Terms of Service. Your privacy is important to us. Please read our Privacy Policy.Offers are valid as of the date of this email and are subject to change. Rewards rates are valid the day this email is received and may vary based on purchase type, merchant, retailer availability and additional factors. Please review the offer details on the merchant's website for complete details.Want to change how you receive these emails? You can unsubscribe from this list or email us at help@capitaloneshopping.com.See the capitaloneshopping.com website for offer details and exclusions.
