19036555dd9b7663
Chase Home Lending <Chase@e.chase.com>
Message for Kelvin: Have you signed in to Chase MyHome yet? See how much home you may be able to afford and more
Plus, you can download our helpful homebuying checklist to explore each step of the process. View Online | Email Security Information We're here to help, whenever you're ready See more details Buying a home is a big deal, especially when it's your first one, and we can help you reach this milestone. Take the first step by exploring the tools and resources in Chase MyHome®.1 Estimate how much home you may be able to afford2 Browse loans, like those with low down payment options3 See more details Apply here Use our checklist to prepare for your first homebuying experience Our checklist will help you boost your homebuying knowledge. Get a quick overview of each step of the process, then enjoy checking the boxes as you complete them. Download here › Even more homebuying resources for you Credit Journey® Chase Agent Express4 Learning center Chase Homebuyer GrantSM,5 Chase Closing Guarantee6 Para obtener más información acerca de nuestros productos hipotecarios, visite chase.com/es/personal/mortgage Email Security Information Email intended for : Kelvin Konnoth If you have concerns about the authenticity of this message, please visit chase.com/CustomerService for options on how to contact us. Important Information Chase Mobile® app is available for select mobile devices. Message and data rates may apply. 1Property search is provided by HouseCanary, Inc. (HouseCanary), a licensed real estate brokerage. HouseCanary, powered by ComeHome, is not affiliated with JPMorgan Chase, N.A. (Chase). ComeHome is provided to you as a courtesy. Chase is not responsible for the real estate services and the search results provided by ComeHome. Restrictions and limitations apply to the access of Chase MyHome. 2Tools and calculators are provided as a courtesy to help you estimate your mortgage needs. Results shown are estimates only. Speak with a Chase Home Lending Advisor for more specific information. Message and data rates may apply from your service provider. 3For down payments less than 20% on conventional loans, mortgage insurance (MI) may be required and MI charges may apply. 4Chase Agent Express is offered by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (Chase) and HomeStory Real Estate Services, a licensed real estate broker. HomeStory Real Estate Services is not affiliated with Chase, and Chase is not responsible for the real estate services and rewards program provided by HomeStory Real Estate Services. Obtaining a mortgage from Chase is optional and not required to participate. The borrower may arrange for financing with any lender. 5The Chase Homebuyer Grant is available on primary residence purchases only. Customer may be eligible for the $5,000 savings when applying for a DreaMakerSM, Standard Agency, FHA and VA home purchase mortgage loan product and where applicable census tract requirements are met. Income limits and homebuyer education may apply on a DreaMaker mortgage. The Chase Homebuyer Grant funds will be applied at purchase loan closing first to points on the loan, if any, then to Chase fees, then to non-Chase fees or down payment. Grant funds may not be used for the down payment on an FHA purchase loan. The Homebuyer Grant may be considered miscellaneous income and may be reportable on Form 1099-MISC (Miscellaneous Information) or Form 1042-S (Foreign Person's U.S. Source Income Subject to Withholding) to the customer and the IRS, for the year in which they are awarded. We encourage customers to consult with a personal tax advisor for questions about the impact to personal income tax returns. 6Chase Closing Guarantee Eligibility: These requirements must be met: (1) Apply for a first lien purchase home loan with Chase; and (2) Provide a complete application package, which includes all requested supporting documentation and signed disclosures, and a fully-executed purchase contract with all pages. (3) Conventional Loans: Closing date must be at least 21 calendar days after receipt of a complete application package, except for a cooperative project (co-op) which requires 60 calendar days. For any new construction property that receives an initial appraisal subject to repairs/completion, a final inspection is required. Chase guarantees closing within 3 business days of receipt of a satisfactory final inspection. (4) FHA/VA loans: Closing date must be at least 30 calendar days after receipt of a complete application package. When an FHA/VA final inspection is required for new construction or specific home repairs, Chase guarantees closing within 5 business days from receipt of a satisfactory final inspection or satisfactory proof of final repairs. If property is a condo, the condo must be FHA or VA (as applicable) approved at the time of submission of the home loan application. Product Exclusions: Refinances, transactions involving Consolidation, Extension and Modification Agreements (CEMAs) or loan amounts $2 million or greater. Ineligibility: The Chase Closing Guarantee does not apply if the following occur: Customer- or Seller-initiates changes (1) to the original closing date documented in the purchase contract; or (2) within 10 calendar days of closing that impact loan amount, product type, contract terms, interest rate or initial rate locks. The Chase Closing Guarantee also does not apply if delays occur as a result of (1) completion of new construction, improvements or repairs being made to the subject property; (2) Failure by the customer or seller to meet contract terms and requirements, including seller-related delays; (3) Force majeure events, including weather or a natural disaster; (4) Third parties other than Chase-required service providers; or (5) Customer's failure to respond to Chase requests in a timely manner (e.g. within 2 business days). Additionally, the Chase Closing Guarantee does not apply for transactions in which a direct personal, financial or business relationship exists among any of the parties to the transaction (non-arm's length transactions). Chase reserves the right to amend, terminate or withdraw the Chase Closing Guarantee at any time without prior notice. Closing guarantees and other awards ("awards") transferred to you under the terms of the program will be considered by Chase a discount of underwriting fees paid at mortgage closing. Any awards transferred at or outside closing in excess of the value of the underwriting fees may be considered miscellaneous income and may be reportable on Form 1099-MISC (Miscellaneous Information) or Form 1042-S (Foreign Person's U.S. Source Income Subject to Withholding) to you and the IRS for the year in which you participate and receive the awards. You are responsible for any tax liability related to participating in the program. Please consult your personal tax advisor for questions about the impact to your personal income tax returns. About this message This promotional email was sent to you to provide information about products, services, or special offers that may be of interest to you. You can unsubscribe from future promotional emails from the JPMorgan Chase & Co. family of companies including "special offers from Chase" such as this or submit your request in writing to Chase Privacy Operations, P.O. Box 734007, Dallas, TX 75373-4007. It takes up to 10 business days to process your request. You'll continue to receive Chase service emails. This email was sent from an unmonitored mailbox. Go to chase.com/CustomerService for options on how to contact us. Your privacy is important to us. See our online Security Center to learn how to protect your information. All home lending products are subject to credit and property approval. Rates, program terms and conditions are subject to change without notice. Not all products are available in all states or for all amounts. Other restrictions and limitations apply. Home lending products provided by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Member FDIC ©2024 JPMorgan Chase & Co. B0723-1550560 ITA_KATE_8_H2 0923
