190638c4bd61e4e6
Federal Bank <fedmail@federalbank.co.in>
Form 16A (TDS Certificate) for the quarter January 01 to March 31 2024
Dear Customer, Greetings from Federal Bank Please find attached, your TDS Certificate pertaining to the accounts maintained with us. The attachment is a password protected PDF file that is best viewed with Adobe reader 7.0 and above. Thank you for banking with us. We look forward to your continued patronage. Best Regards, Pradeepan K Deputy Vice President-II & Head - Taxation Department How to open the attachment? The password to open the attachment is a combination of the first 4 letters of your name / name of your firm (in capitals) & date of birth / date of incorporation (in DDMM format ) as per our records. Please do not include any special characters or spaces. If the registered name is Anu Thomas K and date of birth is 10-Oct-1965,the password would be ANUT1010 If the registered name is K.E.D'Souza and date of birth is 24-Feb-1952,the password would be KEDS2402 If the registered name is AB & C of India Ltd and date of incorporation is 21-Nov-2000,the password would be ABCO2111 If the registered name is C2A Ltd and date of incorporation is 14-Jul-1999,the password would be CALT1407 Income tax E-filing / E-verification utility is now open to all FedNet retail users. Verify your income tax return simply by using your FedNet. Log in to FedNet > Manage Tax > e-File / e-Verify Tax Return Open a Federal Tax Saving Deposit with us and save tax, subject to applicable limits. Submit 15 G/H to your branch for TDS exemption, if eligible (only for resident customers), on the interest earned out of the Term Deposit with the Bank. Please ignore, if already submitted. Please note that 15 G/H shall be submitted to the branch every year afresh. Online facility for submitting Form 15G/H is available for individuals in Federal Bank website, FedMobile and FedNet. Never reveal your ATM PIN, CVV no. printed on the reverse of the Debit card, Internet banking passwords, OTP etc. to anyone including Bank officials. Federal Bank never asks for your confidential credentials. The information contained in this electronic message and any attachments to this message are intended for the exclusive use of the addressee(s) and may contain proprietary, confidential or privileged information. If you are not the intended recipient, you should not disseminate, distribute or copy this e-mail. Please notify the sender immediately and destroy all copies of this message and any attachments. WARNING: Computer viruses can be transmitted via email. The recipient should check this email and any attachments for the presence of viruses. The company accepts no liability for any damage caused by any virus transmitted by this email. The Federal Bank Ltd
