1905640aebef8dcf
Google Cloud via LinkedIn <newsletters-noreply@linkedin.com>
AI for marketing, from hype to how
For years, the leaders of Google's Cloud and Ads marketing teams have attended… ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ Transformation Today Stories, interviews, and musings on technology innovations happening now from senior leaders like… AI for marketing, from hype to how Google Cloud Read this article on LinkedIn to join the conversation Read on LinkedIn For years, the leaders of Google's Cloud and Ads marketing teams have attended the Cannes Lions Festival of Creativity to connect with and learn from peers at the top of the marketing and communications game. In the age of AI, the event has taken on special importance, as marketing has become a ripe area for AI integration.In this newsletter, we hear from Alison Wagonfeld and Marie Gulin-Merle, who just returned from the festival. There, they were busy discussing three notable areas where Googlers, our customers, and partners are seeing the most success in deploying AI in their marketing work.As the leaders of Google’s Ads and Cloud marketing teams — and as marketers ourselves — we talk to many partners and friends about AI in marketing. One of the things we hear most clearly is that people want to move beyond the hype to the how.So, to help marketers get their heads around the opportunities and how to make the most of what AI enables, we’ve developed a framework for how to put AI to work in your marketing.This article lays out essential actions you can take to get started and how to scale when you’re ready.Investing in your first-party data strategy can give you a solid AI foundation and drive quick wins, growth, and efficiency for your business. Google’s AI-powered campaign products and off-the-shelf products and tools can help you achieve these benefits.For those who want to do more, Google Cloud offers a powerful platform for broader AI transformation. That can inclu... Keep reading on LinkedIn This email was intended for Kelvin Konnoth (Seeking Summer 2024 internship | Grad student | MS computer engineering) Learn why we included this. You are receiving LinkedIn notification emails. Others can see that you are a subscriber. Unsubscribe · Help © 2024 LinkedIn Corporation, 1‌000 West Maude Avenue, Sunnyvale, CA 94085. LinkedIn and the LinkedIn logo are registered trademarks of LinkedIn.
