190513b1c4fd89d3
Chase <Chase@e.chase.com>
Coming soon: your eligible Chase cards will be ready to use with Paze.
Paze is a new secure and convenient online checkout option ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ Paze is a new secure and convenient online checkout option Kelvin, get ready to enjoy a new checkout experience! Meet PazeSM1, a secure and easy way to check out! ‌ As a benefit to cardholders, Chase will be offering Paze, a secure and convenient new way to check out online. Soon, your eligible Chase credit and debit cards will be linked to Paze. ‌ Choose Paze as a checkout option when checking out with a participating online business. ‌ We'll notify you when Paze is ready to use. For now, learn more about Paze by visiting chase.com/paze. Why Use Paze? Security We don't share your card numbers with businesses, so you can browse and buy with confidence online. Convenience No setup is required, just choose the card you want to use at checkout - no new Paze passwords to remember or card numbers to enter. What happens next? Chase will link eligible Chase credit and debit cards to Paze on yourbehalf and notify you when they're ready to use. What if I don't want to use Paze? If you don't want to link your Chase cards to Paze, contact usthrough the Secure Message Center or by calling 1-800-935-9935to request that they not be made available for use. How can I remove my card once it's been linked to Paze? You can remove a card from Paze in the Chase Mobile® app2 , or opt out of Paze entirely through Paze.com.If you'd like additional assistance removing your cards from Paze, contact Chase through the Secure Message Center or by calling 1-800-935-9935. Es posible que esta comunicación contenga información acerca de usted o su cuenta. Si tiene alguna pregunta, por favor, llame al número que aparece en el reverso de su tarjeta. Email Security Information:Email intended for: Kelvin KonnothIf you have concerns about the authenticity of this message, please visit chase.com/CustomerService for options on how to contact us.Terms and conditions:‌ 1 Existing Chase consumer customers with a digital profile (i.e., if you signed in to Chase OnlineSM or the Chase Mobile® app) and who have recently used their Chase debit and/or credit card for an online purchase are eligible for PazeSM. Customers who open new credit card and/or deposit account with debit card and also have a digital profile will have the new cards automatically added to your PazeSM wallet. PazeSM isn't currently available to Chase customers under the age of 18, business customers, commercial customers, Private Bank customers, joint checking account holders or credit card authorized users. Chase First BankingSM debit cards, Chase High School CheckingSM debit cards, Chase business credit cards (such as Ink BusinessSM), Chase Freedom RiseSM Visa credit cards, Private Bank credit and debit cards, Prime Visa and Amazon Visa credit cards and Mastercard credit cards aren't eligible.PazeSM and PazeSM related marks are wholly owned by Early Warning Services, LLC. Message and data rates may apply.2 Chase Mobile® app is available for select mobile devices. Message and data rates may apply. About This messageYou have received this email to give you updates and information about your Chase relationship.This email was sent from an unmonitored mailbox. Go to chase.com/CustomerService for options on how to contact us.Your privacy is important to us. See our online Security Center to learn how to protect your information.Chase Privacy Operations, P.O. Box 734007, Dallas, TX 75373-4007.JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Member FDIC © 2024 JPMorgan Chase & Co. LC_PAZE_Q1_24
