1902ca3df5f813bf
Chase <Chase@e.chase.com>
Attention, Kelvin: Help boost your account security with these recommendations
Use these tools to help protect your money ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ ­ Use these tools to help protect your money Hi Kelvin, to help safeguard you and your account, we recommend the following, if you haven't already: Check what devices have access to your account Make sure you recognize the phones or computers linked to your account. Check now » Turn on free identity monitoring Get notified any time we see changes or new activity linked to your identity with Chase Credit Journey®. Turn on now » Activate alerts1 to help identify suspicious activity Customize your Account Alerts to monitor your account. Sign up » Set up extra security at sign-in We'll send you a unique code when you sign in to chase‌.com using a browser. Turn on now » Use the Chase Mobile® app2 to monitor your transactions Also activate security features like locking your cards. Get the app » Get more tips on protecting your money Security center ›› Si tiene alguna pregunta, por favor llame o visite una sucursal local de Chase. Email Security Information: Email intended for kelvin4jaison@gmail.comIf you have concerns about the authenticity of this message please visit chase.com/CustomerService for options on how to contact us. important information 1 Account Alerts: There is no charge from Chase, but message and data rates may apply. Delivery of alerts may be delayed for various reasons, including service outages affecting your phone, wireless or internet provider; technology failures; and system capacity limitations.2 Chase Mobile® app is available for select mobile devices. Message and data rates may apply. About This message This promotional email was sent to you to provide information about products, services, or special offers that may be of interest to you.You can unsubscribe from future promotional emails from the JPMorgan Chase & Co. family of companies including points, perks and prizes such as this or submit your request in writing to Chase Privacy Operations, P.O. Box 734007, Dallas, TX 75373-4007. It takes up to 10 business days to process your request. You'll continue to receive Chase service emails.This email was sent from an unmonitored mailbox. Go to chase.com/CustomerService for options on how to contact us.Your privacy is important to us. See our online Security Center to learn how to protect your information.Deposit products provided by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Member FDIC©2024 JPMorgan Chase & Co.EM14005
