1905661e012c4df4
Chase <Chase@e.chase.com>
Kelvin, Check out your new Chase Offers
Activate your new offers to earn cash back on brands you love. Activate your offers It's easy to get started Browse Explore your offers in the Chase Mobile® app* or on chase.com. Activate Choose an offer and add it to your card. Redeem Use your eligible card and get a statement credit within 14 business days.* Your offers for card ending in 7300 Explore more offers Es posible que esta comunicación contenga información acerca de usted o su cuenta. Si tiene alguna pregunta, por favor, llame al número que aparece en el reverso de su tarjeta. Email Security Information: Email intended for: Kelvin Konnoth For your account(s) ending in: 7300 If you have concerns about the authenticity of this message, please visit chase.com/CustomerService for options on how to contact us. *Terms and conditions Chase Mobile App: Chase Mobile® app is available for select mobile devices. Message and data rates may apply. Chase Offers: Chase is wholly responsible only for posting the statement credit to your account based on the data it receives from its third-party service provider. The statement credit will appear on your statement within 14 business days of Chase's receipt of the information. Third-Party Merchants: The listed merchant(s) are in no way affiliated with Chase, nor are the listed merchant(s) considered sponsors or co-sponsors of this program. All trademarks are the property of their respective owner(s). Deposit and credit card products provided by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Member FDIC About this message This promotional email was sent to you to provide information about products, services, or special offers that may be of interest to you. You can unsubscribe from future promotional emails from the JPMorgan Chase & Co. family of companies including "points, perks and prizes" such as this or submit your request in writing to Chase Privacy Operations, P.O. Box 734007, Dallas, TX 75373-4007. It takes up to 10 business days to process your request. You'll continue to receive Chase service emails. This email was sent from an unmonitored mailbox. Go to chase.com/CustomerService for options on how to contact us. Your privacy is important to us. See our online Security Center to learn how to protect your information. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Member FDIC © 2024 JPMorgan Chase & Co. EM13945
