1902c43467d92994
"J.P. Morgan Wealth Management" <Chase@e.chase.com>
Confirmed, Kelvin: Financial planning can help get you closer to your goals
Get a cash bonus of up to $700 when you start investing with J.P. Morgan Personal Advisors. View Online | Email Security Information Request Details or Call 833-543-0064 Monday–Friday 8 a.m. to 9 p.m. ET Let our award-winning1 J.P. Morgan Personal Advisors help you plan for tomorrow—today Full financial picture Our team of advisors will help assess your overall financial picture and create a personalized financial plan based on your priorities and goals—all by video or phone. In Your best interest Our team of advisors act as fiduciaries on your account, which means you can be confident that any advisor you work with always has your best interests at heart. J.P. Morgan Personal Advisors was named "Best Wealth Management Platform" in the 2024 FinTech Breakthrough Awards1 Start building your plan Request Details or Call 833-543-0064 Monday–Friday 8 a.m. to 9 p.m. ET Email Security Information Email intended for: kelvin4jaison@gmail.com If you have concerns about the authenticity of this message, please visit chase.com/CustomerService for options on how to contact us. important informationOffer eligibility and restrictions: *Cash promotion is solely limited to one per customer and will automatically be applied to customers who enroll in J.P. Morgan Personal Advisors and open a new, bonus-eligible J.P. Morgan Personal Advisors Account(s) (General Investment, Traditional IRA, Roth IRA) by June 30, 2024. Customers who enroll in Personal Advisors and open more than one new Personal Advisors account within forty-five (45) days of their new relationship will receive a corresponding reward, based on the aggregated total of the bonus-eligible accounts. This reward will be prorated across the bonus-eligible Personal Advisors accounts. To enroll in the cash offer, you must open an account through this page or call the associated phone number. This offer does not apply to J.P. Morgan Self-Directed Investing, J.P. Morgan Automated Investing, or any account opened with a J.P. Morgan Private Client Advisor. To receive the cash bonus: 1. Customers must open and fund a new J.P. Morgan Personal Advisors account(s) with new money of $25,000 or more by moving cash, transferring securities or rolling over existing retirement assets from another institution. Assets from J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. or its affiliates are not eligible. New money must be transferred within 45 days of coupon enrollment date. 2. At day 45 from coupon enrollment, the bonus tier will be determined in the following manner: New money inflows Cash bonus $25,000–$99,999 $250 $100,000–$249,999 $500 $250,000+ $700 3. The new money balance must be maintained in the account(s) at 90 days from the coupon enrollment (losses due to trading or market fluctuation will not be taken into account). Cash bonus will be credited to the account(s) within 45 days of these requirements being met. You can only participate in one J.P. Morgan Personal Advisors new money bonus in a 12-month period from the last bonus coupon enrollment date. Coupon is good for one time use. To receive the cash bonus, the eligible accounts must not be restricted or closed at the time of payout. Account types and other restrictions apply. Offer terms are subject to change and/or termination without advance notice. The value of the cash award may be considered income, and we may be required to send you, and file with the IRS, a Form 1099-MISC ("Miscellaneous Information"), or a Form 1042-S ("Foreign Person's U.S. Source Income Subject to Withholding") if applicable. Although bonuses deposited in an IRA will not be treated as a contribution to the account, such amounts will be subject to otherwise applicable IRA rules (e.g., distribution rules). Consult with your tax advisor about the appropriate tax treatment for this offer and any tax implications associated with the deposit before enrolling. Any tax consequences resulting from the deposit are your responsibility. Transfer eligible cash and/or securities from an external account to your new J.P. Morgan Personal Advisors account(s). 1FinTech Breakthrough Award winners (Published 14 March 2024) are selected based on an in-depth research methodology and proprietary scoring system that includes six objective criteria, including product functionality, ease-of-use, technological innovation and impact. Companies do not pay a fee to be considered or placed on the list of FinTech Breakthrough Award winners. Less than 10% of candidates reviewed receive an award. The FinTech Breakthrough Awards do not evaluate the quality of services provided to their clients or customers and is not indicative of the Company’s future performance. Fee paid to publisher for licensing use of materials after ranking announced. Study conducted between October 1, 2023–January 12, 2024. For more information, visit https://fintechbreakthrough.com/judging-process Investment strategies are selected from both J.P. Morgan and third-party asset managers and are subject to a review process by our manager research teams. From this pool of strategies, our portfolio construction teams select those strategies we believe fit our asset allocation goals and forward-looking views in order to meet the portfolio's investment objective. As a general matter, we prefer J.P. Morgan managed strategies. We expect the proportion of J.P. Morgan managed strategies will be high (in fact, up to 100 percent) in strategies such as, for example, cash and high-quality fixed income, subject to applicable law and any account-specific considerations. While our internally managed strategies generally align well with our forward-looking views, and we are familiar with the investment processes as well as the risk and compliance philosophy of the firm, it is important to note that J.P. Morgan receives more overall fees when internally managed strategies are included. Images on the page are hypothetical and for informational purposes only. Screen images are simulated. Investing involves market risk, including possible loss of principal, and there is no guarantee that investment objectives will be achieved. JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its affiliates do not provide tax, legal or accounting advice. This material has been prepared for informational purposes only, and is not intended to provide, and should not be relied on for tax, legal or accounting advice. You should consult your personal tax, legal and accounting advisors for advice before engaging in any transaction. Asset allocation/diversification does not guarantee a profit or protect against a loss. J.P. Morgan Wealth Management is a business of JPMorgan Chase & Co., which offers investment products and services through J.P. Morgan Securities LLC (JPMS), a registered broker-dealer and investment adviser, member FINRA and SIPC. Insurance products are made available through Chase Insurance Agency, Inc. (CIA), a licensed insurance agency, doing business as Chase Insurance Agency Services, Inc. in Florida. Certain custody and other services are provided by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (JPMCB). JPMS, CIA and JPMCB are affiliated companies under the common control of JPMorgan Chase & Co. Products not available in all states. investment and insurance products are: • not fdic insured • not insured by any federal government agency • not a deposit or other obligation of, or guaranteed by, jpmorgan chase bank, n.a. or any of its affiliates • subject to investment risks, including possible loss of the principal amount invested About this message This promotional email was sent to you to provide information about products, services or special offers that may be of interest to you. You can unsubscribe from future promotional emails from the JPMorgan Chase & Co. family of companies or submit your request in writing to Chase Privacy Operations, P.O. Box 734007, Dallas, TX 75373-4007. It takes up to 10 business days to process your request. You'll continue to receive JPMorgan Chase service emails. This email was sent from an unmonitored mailbox. Go to chase.com/CustomerService for options on how to contact us. Your privacy is important to us. See our online Security Center to learn how to protect your information. ©2024 JPMorgan Chase & Co. LC-PADVP030624
