Dear Kelvin Konnoth ,

We wanted to let you know that we received your application for the R141150 2024 Intern - Machine Learning Engineer role. We look forward to learning more about you and we’ll be in touch if your skills and experiences are a match for this role.

If you'd like to review your application status, please sign in to your account on our career site .

In the meantime, we invite you to get to know our culture and our people.
• Adobe Life blog - Hear from our employees themselves about their career experiences.
• Best Places to Work Awards – There’s nothing more rewarding than recognition from our employees and the industry.
• LinkedIn and Twitter – We’d love to stay in touch. Please follow us on LinkedIn and Twitter.

Thanks,
Adobe's Talent Acquisition Team

Privacy is important to Adobe. Our Applicant Privacy Notice explains how we may use any personal data which you may submit as part of the job application process.

Thank you, Kelvin, for expressing interest in our organization.

We have successfully received your submission to the following position: 53066 - Site Reliability Engineer (DevOps) Intern

Thank You,
The Talent Acquisition Team

Hi KELVIN! 

We've received your application for the HubSpot Software Engineer Fall Co-op Program (USA) position at HubSpot. Thank you for your interest in joining the HubSpot team! We’ll review your information and if your background looks like a match, we’ll reach out to schedule the next steps. Due to the holiday season, it may take us longer than 10 days to respond to your application. We appreciate your patience, and hope you have a wonderful start to the new year! 

While we review your application, please know that we will not share your application information with anyone outside the HubSpot team except where necessary to assist us in assessing your candidacy throughout the recruitment process. That means your data may be assessed in the United States by our team in Cambridge. We may keep the information you submitted for up to three years, and use it to keep you informed of other opportunities that might be a good fit for you.

If you would like to know more about how we use your personal data please review our Recruiting Privacy Notice here, where you can also find information on how to update your contact preferences.

In the meantime, check out our culture code!

Thanks again,

The HubSpot Recruiting Team
Dear Kelvin ,

Thank you very much for taking the time to apply for the following position at Intel:

Position: Offensive Security Researcher - Undergraduate Intern
Job Number: JR0257781
Application Date: 2024 Feb 07

We really appreciate your interest and wanted to let you know that we have received your application.

There is strong competition for jobs at Intel, and we receive many applications. As a result, it may take some time to get back to you.
As you progress through your job search journey, interviews are an important step. You can find resources and helpful tips at Interviewing at Intel.

Whether or not this position ends up being a fit, we will keep your information per data retention policies, so we can contact you for other
positions that align to your experience and skill set.

In the meantime, we encourage you to explore the Discover Intel section of our career website. It features employee testimonials about
life at Intel, as well as information on our amazing benefits and company culture.

Once again, thank you for applying!

The Global Talent Acquisition Team
Intel Corporation

Hi Kelvin,

You did it! We’ve successfully received your application for the Software Engineering Intern - 8 or 12 months (Summer 2024) position with Jobber.

So what happens next?

Well, you’ve done your part. We have your application and we're looking forward to reviewing it in detail. If it aligns with what we’re looking for, we’ll reach out to schedule an interview.

Until then, you can learn more about Jobber and what we do on our website or by taking a peek at our Instagram! You might even want to check out our new podcast and hear some amazing stories from the entrepreneurs we support!

Thank you again for your interest in joining Jobber!

Please note: This email is sent from an unattended mailbox. Replies will not be read.
Hi Kelvin,

You did it! We’ve successfully received your application for the Software Engineering Intern - 8 or 12 months (Summer 2024) position with Jobber.

So what happens next?

Well, you’ve done your part. We have your application and we're looking forward to reviewing it in detail. If it aligns with what we’re looking for, we’ll reach out to schedule an interview.

Until then, you can learn more about Jobber and what we do on our website or by taking a peek at our Instagram! You might even want to check out our new podcast and hear some amazing stories from the entrepreneurs we support!

Thank you again for your interest in joining Jobber!

Please note: This email is sent from an unattended mailbox. Replies will not be read.
Hi Kelvin,

Thank you for your interest in Moxion Power! We wanted to let you know we received your application for Quality Engineer Intern, and we are delighted that you would consider joining our team.

Our team will review your application and will be in touch if your qualifications match our needs for the role. If you are not selected for this position, keep an eye on our jobs page as we're growing and adding openings rapidly.

Best,

The Moxion Power Team

Kelvin,

Thanks for applying to Mercury. Your application has been received and we will review it as soon as possible.

We will reach out for a call if your application seems like a good fit. In the meantime, feel free to check out more information on our blog.

All the best,

Mercury Recruiting Team

** Please note: Do not reply to this email. 

Hi Kelvin, 

Thank you for your interest in pursuing a career with Snowflake. We’ve received your application for the SI Alliances Intern role.

If your application meets the requirements for the role, we will contact you regarding the next steps. 

Kind regards,
Snowflake Recruiting Team

This is an automated message. Please do not reply to this email.

​Hello Kelvin,

Thank you for your interest in launching your career at Visa! We are excited to review your application and will contact you shortly. In the meantime, check out this video on the incredible transformative work Visa has done over the past 60 years!

We look forward to connecting with you.

 

Best,

Visa’s Early Careers Recruiting Team

Visa is committed to offering reasonable accommodations in our recruiting process for candidates with disabilities. If you need assistance or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability, please let us know by emailing your recruiter. Your recruiter will work with Visa’s Employee Relations team to evaluate your request. 


Access My Application
Please do not share or forward this email, as it pertains to your specific job application

Dear Kelvin Konnoth,

Thank you for submitting your application for the position of Internship, System Design Verification Engineering. We will review your application and contact you shortly.

Best regards,
Western Digital Hiring Team


Access My Application
Please do not share or forward this email, as it pertains to your specific job application
