
Dear Kelvin,

We greatly appreciate your time in applying and interest in joining Lightmatter! Although your resume presents some amazing skills and experiences, yours was not selected for further consideration.

Leading the (r)evolution of computing requires a lot of awesome people, so we encourage you to keep an eye on our careers page as we will be adding exciting new roles that you may be a perfect match for.



All the best,

The Lightmatter Team

Dear Kelvin,

Thank you for your interest in Addepar. We appreciate the time and effort you put into our application process. At this time, however, we are unable to offer you an interview for the Software Engineer Intern - Precompute role. We will keep your resume in our records and contact you if a role opens up in the future that fits your qualifications.

 
We wish you the best in your job search.
 
Regards,
Addepar
Hi Kelvin,

Thank you for taking the time to apply for the R141481 2024 Intern - Software Engineer role.

We’re fortunate to have received a lot of interest in this role, resulting in a very competitive selection process and unfortunately, at this time we have decided not to move forward with your application.

While it didn’t work out this time, we hope you will continue to explore other opportunities with us by visiting our Career Site .

Thank you once again for your interest in Adobe, and we wish you all the best in your search for a suitable position.

* Please note: This email is sent from an unattended mailbox, please do not reply to this email.


Kind Regards,

Adobe Talent Acquisition Team

Hello,

Thank you for applying to the Software Engineering Intern role at Unite Us.

We sincerely appreciate your interest, but at this time we will not be moving forward with your candidacy as we have filled the position. We are growing fast and there could definitely be opportunities in the near future. Please continue to monitor our open roles and I encourage you to apply if you feel it is a great match.

We wish you all the best in your job search,

The Unite Us Recruiting Team