Sender:no-reply@us.greenhouse-mail.io. Subject:Thank you for your interest in 84.51°. Mail:Hello,Thank you for taking the time to consider 84.51° for the next step in your career and taking the time to complete an application. We appreciate your investment of time exploring opportunities at 84.51°. Unfortunately, we have decided not to move forward with your candidacy.We wish you well in your career endeavors.Regards,84.51° Recruiting Teamend-of-lineSender:Vontier Human Resources <hr-vontier@invalidemail.com>. Subject:C#.NET Software Developer Intern (Summer 2024)-MAT002499. Mail:Hi Richard, Thank you for applying to MAT002499 - C#.NET Software Developer Intern (Summer 2024) at Matco Tools Corporation. We’ve received your resume/CV and want you to know that we appreciate your interest in applying for our opening. Your information is now in the Matco Tools Corporation database, where it will be available to recruiters who specialize in areas that match your skills and interests. We will be contacting those whose profiles best match our requirements soon. Again, thank you for considering Matco Tools Corporation as a potential employer. To learn more about the company and our global career opportunities, please visit http://www.vontier.com. Best regards, Talent Acquisition Team Matco Tools Corporation To access your profile at any time, click here. As a reminder, your username is: kelvin2001 If you do not remember your password, please use the "Forgot Password" link. Replies to this message are undeliverable and will not reach the Talent Acquisition Team. Please do not reply.end-of-lineSender:no-reply@us.greenhouse-mail.io. Subject:Thank you for applying to Interactive Brokers. Mail:Dear James, Thank you for your interest in Interactive Brokers. Your application has been received for the Opportunities for Students & Graduates position. Over the next few weeks our recruiting team will review your profile and access your qualification for the position which you applied and for any other positions where your skill set may be a good fit. In the meantime, to learn more about Interactive Brokers, please visit https://www.interactivebrokers.comUnfortunately, because of the volume of applications we receive, we are not able to give status updates. Regards,Interactive Brokersend-of-lineSender:walmart@myworkday.com. Subject:Thank you for your interest. Mail:Hi Daniel Thank you for your interest. We appreciate the time you took to apply with us. At this time we have decided not to move forward with your application for our 2024 Summer Intern: Walmart Connect, Data Science, Walmart Intern position.This isn't the end, though! If a position opens that closely matches your skills and experience, we may contact you as we have new positions that open all the time.In the meantime, we encourage you to keep an eye on our career site for other opportunities with our company. We’d love to stay connected with you through our social media sites so you can get to know us better.We wish you all the best! Your Walmart Hiring Team Business Process: Job Application: Daniel Wilson ‎- R-1650896 2024 Summer Intern: Walmart Connect, Data Science, Walmart Intern (C-10204248) on 09/13/2023 Subject: Daniel Wilson ‎- R-1650896 2024 Summer Intern: Walmart Connect, Data Science, Walmart Intern (C-10204248) This is an automated email - Please do not respond. This email was intended for daniel.wilson@gmail.com Walmart Inc. · www.walmart.comend-of-lineSender:no-reply@us.greenhouse-mail.io. Subject:Thank you for applying to Virtu Financial!. Mail:Paul, Thanks for applying to Virtu Financial. Your application has been received and we will review it right away. If your application seems like a good fit for the position we will contact you soon. We appreciate your interest in Virtu! Best, Virtu Financial ** Please note: Do not reply to this email. This email is sent from an unattended mailbox. Replies will not be read.end-of-lineSender:no-reply@us.greenhouse-mail.io. Subject:Thank you for applying to Point72. Mail:Hey Matthew! Thanks for applying to Point72 . Your application has been received and we will review it right away. If your application seems like a good fit for the position we'll contact you soon. Cheers,Point72 ** Please note: Do not reply to this email. This email is sent from an unattended mailbox. Replies will not be read.end-of-lineSender:"MyWorkday@Proofpoint" <donotreply@proofpoint.com>. Subject:Proofpoint - We have received your application.. Mail:Dear Thomas, Thank you for applying. We have received your application and are excited that you are interested in joining the team. If you are among the qualified candidates a representative from our Human Resources team will be in contact with you soon regarding the next steps in our process. Regards, Proofpoint Talent Acquisition Team This email was intended for thomas.taylor@gmail.com Proofpoint, Inc. • 925 W. Maude Avenue, Sunnyvale, CA 94085end-of-lineSender:Stryker <stryker@myworkday.com>. Subject:Thank you for your interest in Stryker!. Mail:Dear John Thank you for your interest in Stryker! We have received your resume/CV for the R505039 R&D Intern position.A member of our talent acquisition team will review your application and information and determine if there is a match between your resume and what the hiring team is looking for. Please be aware that it can take up to two weeks to receive an update from our team as we work to review applications. We are grateful for your patience as we determine candidacy. We appreciate your interest in pursuing Stryker for your next career move!Sincerely,Stryker's Talent Acquisition Teamcareers.stryker.com"#WeAreStryker This email was intended for john.williams@gmail.comend-of-lineSender:no-reply@us.greenhouse-mail.io. Subject:Thank you for applying to 84.51°!. Mail:Hello Matthew, Thank you for your interest in 84.51°! We have received your application for the Data Scientist - Internship Program 2024 role. Please add our email domain (@8451.com) to your whitelist/safe sender list to avoid emails going to spam.We understand there are plenty of great companies you could consider, so we appreciate you taking the time to apply for our company. We look forward to reviewing your application and giving it the attention it deserves. We will strive to get back to you as soon as possible, but please note that due to the thoroughness of our review process and the volume of applications we receive, it could be about 2+ weeks. Please note, if you are applying to one of our roles in Early Careers/University Recruiting (i.e. Development Program, Intern Program or Co-op Program)—this timeline may be a little different.We hope all of our candidates are excited about a potential future at 84.51°, but we also understand that the job hunt can be stressful and time-consuming. In an effort to help you pass the time and better understand 84.51°, we have included some information about our interview process and business. What is the interview process like for 84.51°?For our Early Careers/University Programs (Development Program, Intern Program or Co-op Program):1. Review: members of the function you are applying for will review your resume and application.2. 1st Round Interview: If your application is selected, you'll be contacted for a 1st round interview (phone or campus interview). This interview is with 1-2 interviewers who ask a blend of behavioral and role-based questions. If you are interviewing for an Engineering position, you'll have a take-home coding test if you pass your 1st round interview.3. 2nd/Final Round Interview: If you pass that interview, you'll be invited for a 2nd (and final) round of interviews. The final round of interviews typically consist of two interviews with 1-2 interviewers for each interview. Most of our interviews strive to have a balance of technical questions that are relative to the skills necessary to be successful in the role, and behavioral questions to see if you fit our values. If you are interviewing for an Engineering position, you'll only have 1 interview for this round that is paired programming.4. Offer Decision: After all of your interviews are complete, we'll be in touch to let you know the team's decision regarding an offer or no offer.To help you prepare, we encourage you to visit our website, where we have a variety of case studies to help you grasp what types of projects we are engaged with on a day to day basis. Regardless, prepare yourself for an exciting and engaging conversation! Want to learn more about 84.51°? We encourage you to visit our website to learn more about the basics of our business, read current articles about how we’re changing the customer experience, and access exclusive case studies done by 84.51° employees: http://www.8451.com Check us out and follow us on LinkedIn and Facebook! We post articles about current events in our industry and business.Thank you again for taking the time to submit an application and consider 84.51° as a next step in your career. We will be in touch soon! Regards,84.51° Recruiting Teamend-of-lineSender:Panasonic Corporation of North America Recruiting Team <no-reply@jobvite.com>. Subject:Your application for Software Electrical Engineer Intern at Panasonic Corporation of North America. Mail:Dear Thomas,Thank you for your interest in the Software Electrical Engineer Intern opportunity here at Panasonic Corporation of North America. We have reviewed your background and qualifications and find that at this time we do not have an appropriate match. We appreciate your interest in Panasonic Corporation of North America and wish you success in your job search.Please do apply again in the future should you see a job posting for which you qualify. www.panasonic.com/careersSincerely,The Panasonic Corporation of North America Candidate Experience Team-*_____ Email Preferences | Powered by Jobvite *______*end-of-lineSender:UKG Careers <UKGCareers@ukg.com>. Subject:Thank you for your interest in 20230035243 - Software Engineering Internship – 2024 Spring/Summer Terms. Mail:Dear Robert, Thank you for the interest you have expressed in the Software Engineering Internship – 2024 Spring/Summer Terms role. After careful review, we have decided to pursue other candidates whose skills and experience are better aligned with our business needs at this time.We invite you to set up Job Alerts so you can receive automated emails with opportunities that match your interests. If you would like to update your profile to include Job Alerts, please visit our careers site. We appreciate your interest in our company, and wish you success in your search.Kind regards, UKG Talent Acquisition TeamPlease do not reply. This is an unmonitored inbox.end-of-lineSender:no-reply@marketaxess.com. Subject:Thank you for your interest in MarketAxess. Mail:​ Hi Charles, Thank you again for your interest in our Research Intern 2024 role at MarketAxess. After reviewing your resume, we have decided to move forward with other candidates whose background and experience are more closely aligned with the requirements of the position. We're still growing, and we regularly post our new opportunities on our Careers site, so we hope you'll check back and consider applying again in the future. We appreciate your interest in MarketAxess! Best regards, MarketAxess Recruiting (Note: Please do not reply to this message. Replies to this message are routed to an unmonitored mailbox.) ​end-of-lineSender:"Workday@veritas.com" <veritas@myworkday.com>. Subject:Thank you for applying at Veritas- Summer 2024- Software Engineer Intern- Graduate Degree. Mail:Thank you, KELVIN, for expressing interest in our organization. We have successfully received your submission to the following position: Summer 2024- Software Engineer Intern- Graduate Degree ( Req # 62098 ) Thank You. The Veritas Talent Acquisition TeamMake a difference at Veritas. Veritas Careers Veritas Facebook Veritas Twitter This email was intended for mark.smith@gmail.comend-of-lineSender:"Mercedes-Benz R&D North America" <no-reply@hire.lever.co>. Subject:Thank you for your application to Mercedes-Benz R&D North America!. Mail:Dear Joseph, Thank you for your application for the Software Engineering Intern Data position at Mercedes-Benz R&D North America. We appreciate your interest in joining our team. Our dedicated team will thoroughly review your application and if it progresses to the next stage, a recruiter will reach out to guide you through the hiring process. If you would like to learn more about our company and the work we do, please visit our website at https://mbrdna.com/. Thank you once again for considering a career with Mercedes-Benz R&D North America. We wish you the best of luck with your application! Best regards, Recruiting Team Mercedes-Benz Research & Development North America, Inc.end-of-lineSender:no-reply@us.greenhouse-mail.io. Subject:Thank you for applying to MarketAxess. Mail:Hi Richard, Thanks for your interest in exploring a career with MarketAxess! We’ve received your application for our Research Intern 2024 role. You're now one step closer to helping Take Us There. What happens next? If your skills and experience are a strong match for the role, a member of our recruiting team will reach out to schedule an initial conversation. If not, you'll still hear from us. Want to learn more in the meantime? - Explore our Careers site - Hear directly from some of our employees via our page on The Muse - Follow us on Instagram Thank you again for your interest in MarketAxess! PS: please be sure to mark this email address as a "safe sender" and move this message to your primary inbox to ensure all potential future communications don't end up in your spam folder. Best regards, MarketAxess Recruitingend-of-lineSender:no-reply@us.greenhouse-mail.io. Subject:Thank you for applying to MemryX. Mail:Michael, Thanks for applying to MemryX. Your application has been received and we will review it right away. If your application seems like a good fit for the position we will contact you soon. Regards, MemryX ** Please note: Do not reply to this email. This email is sent from an unattended mailbox. Replies will not be read.end-of-lineSender:donotreply_Leidos_HR workday <leidos@myworkday.com>. Subject:Leidos -Thank You For Applying to Software Engineer Intern. Mail:Dear Thomas, Thank you for your interest in working with us at Leidos!Your application for the position of Software Engineer Intern is being reviewed and a recruiter will reach out if we are moving forward with your application. In the meantime, you can also see the status of your application on your Workday Home Account by logging in to Workday. This will also allow you to apply to additional opportunities.Here are some resources to help you with your job search:- Learn more about Leidos- How to land a cleared job - whether you have a clearance or not- Leidos Benefit Offerings- Leidos Salary Information- All available jobs are posted on careers.leidos.com. You can filter your search by keywords, location, clearance, telework and more.We look forward to exploring future Leidos opportunities with you!Thank you,Leidos Talent Acquisitioncareers.leidos.comPlease note: Replies to this automatically-generated message are undeliverable. This email was intended for thomas.harris@gmail.comend-of-lineSender:no-reply@us.greenhouse-mail.io. Subject:Thank you for applying to Symphony Communication Services. Mail:Dear James, Thank you for applying for Intern, Software Developer (summer 2024) at Symphony Communication Services. We are delighted that you would consider joining our team. Our team will carefully review your application and if your background and experience seems like a match for the role, we will contact you to arrange next steps. You can find more information about Symphony below: Webpage LinkedIn Twitter Youtube Facebook All the best,The Symphony Recruiting TeamOur Company Values:Security | Passion | Trust | Expertise | Ownership | Community ** Please note: Do not reply to this email. This email is sent from an unattended mailbox.end-of-lineSender:Genesis Therapeutics <no-reply@hire.lever.co>. Subject:Thank you for your application to Genesis Therapeutics. Mail:Hi Joseph,Thank you for your interest in Genesis Therapeutics! We wanted to let you know we received your application for Software Engineer Intern, and we are delighted that you would consider joining our team.Our team will review your application and will be in touch if your qualifications match our needs for the role. If you are not selected for this position, keep an eye on our jobs page as we're growing and adding openings.Best,The Genesis Therapeutics Teamend-of-lineSender:walmart@myworkday.com. Subject:Thank you for Applying!. Mail:Hi Thomas, Thank you for applying to our 2024 Summer Intern: Walmart Connect, Data Science, Walmart Intern position. Your application will be reviewed and we will contact you with next steps.You can check your application status at any time by logging in to the link below, clicking on the upper right-hand corner "Candidate Home": https://walmart.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/WalmartExternal Thanks again! Your Walmart Hiring Team Business Process: Job Application: Thomas Martin ‎- R-1650896 2024 Summer Intern: Walmart Connect, Data Science, Walmart Intern (C-10204248) on 09/13/2023 Subject: Thomas Martin ‎- R-1650896 2024 Summer Intern: Walmart Connect, Data Science, Walmart Intern (C-10204248) This is an automated email - Please do not respond. This email was intended for thomas.martin@gmail.com Walmart Inc. · www.walmart.comend-of-lineSender:caci@myworkday.com. Subject:Thank you for your interest in the Software Engineering Intern – Summer 2024 position at CACI. Mail:Hello Christopher ,Thank you for your interest in the 286165 Software Engineering Intern – Summer 2024 position at CACI. Your interest is genuinely appreciated. After careful consideration, we regret to inform you that you have not been selected for this position. We encourage you to continue to review and apply for other opportunities at CACI by visiting our career site at https://careers.caci.com.Thank you again for your interest in CACI. We wish you the best of luck on your search.Best Regards,CACI Talent Acquisition TeamClick Here to View Career Site This email was intended for christopher.jones@gmail.comend-of-lineSender:caci@myworkday.com. Subject:Thank you for Applying to CACI. Mail:Hello Joseph - We have received your application for the position of 286165 Software Engineering Intern – Summer 2024 . At CACI, we believe our strongest asset is our people and our employees are what make CACI a unique place to work.Your application will be reviewed by a member of our recruiting team and a recruiter will contact you if you are determined to be a potential match for the position.To access your candidate profile, visit Candidate Home account and log in to your account by selecting "Sign In" in the top right corner. Once logged in, you can view this and any other applications by clicking "Candidate Home" in the top right corner and navigating to "Submitted Applications".We thank you for your interest in CACI.Best Regards,CACI Talent Acquisition Team Candidate Homepage This email was intended for joseph.williams@gmail.comend-of-lineSender:Genesis Therapeutics <no-reply@hire.lever.co>. Subject:Thank you for your application to Genesis Therapeutics. Mail:Hi Robert,Thank you for your interest in Genesis Therapeutics! We wanted to let you know we received your application for ML Research Intern, and we are delighted that you would consider joining our team.Our team will review your application and will be in touch if your qualifications match our needs for the role. If you are not selected for this position, keep an eye on our jobs page as we're growing and adding openings.Best,The Genesis Therapeutics Teamend-of-lineSender:UKG Careers <UKGCareers@ukg.com>. Subject:Your Application with UKG for 20230035243 - Software Engineering Internship – 2024 Spring/Summer Terms. Mail:Hi Donald, We’ve received your application for the Software Engineering Internship – 2024 Spring/Summer Terms position and are excited that you’ve chosen to explore career opportunities with UKG! A member of our Talent Acquisition team will contact you if you are selected for further consideration. Sincerely, UKG Talent Acquisition TeamPlease do not reply. This is an unmonitored inbox.end-of-lineSender:"workday.system nxp" <nxp@myworkday.com>. Subject:Thank you for your Application. Mail:Dear William ,We have received your application for the position of Internships for Software Engineers - Summer 2024 and we are currently reviewing your experience and qualifications.If your profile corresponds to our requirements, a member of our Talent Acquisition team will contact you soon.We thank you for your interest in NXP.Best regards,NXP Talent Acquisition Teamhttp://www.nxp.com/careers*** This is an automatically generated email. Please do not reply. Ref msg-1 *** This email was intended for william.garcia@gmail.com NXP Semiconductors · This email address is not monitored for responses. Please do not reply to this message.end-of-lineSender:do-not-reply adobe <adobe@myworkday.com>. Subject:Thanks for applying to Adobe. Mail:Dear Daniel Thomas ,We wanted to let you know that we received your application for the R139304 2024 Intern - Software Engineer role. We look forward to learning more about you and we’ll be in touch if your skills and experiences are a match for this role.We'd like to encourage you to review your application status.This link will bring you to the sign in page. Select “Create Account” and enter a username and password. Once you sign into your account, you will have the opportunity to review your application statusIf you created an account after submitting your application, use this link to sign in and access your application status.In the meantime, we invite you to get to know our culture and our people.• Adobe Life blog - Hear from our employees themselves about their career experiences.• Best Places to Work Awards – There’s nothing more rewarding than recognition from our employees and the industry.• LinkedIn and Twitter – We’d love to stay in touch. Please follow us on LinkedIn and Twitter.Thanks,Adobe's Talent Acquisition TeamPrivacy is important to Adobe. Our Applicant Privacy Notice explains how we may use any personal data which you may submit as part of the job application process. This email was intended for daniel.thomas@gmail.com Adobe Systems Incorporated · 345 Park Ave. San Jose, CA 95110end-of-lineSender:no-reply@us.greenhouse-mail.io. Subject:Thank you for applying to Truveta!. Mail:Hi Matthew! Thank you so much for your interest in Truveta and taking the time to apply to our Research Intern. We just wanted to let you know that we received your application, and that we're looking forward to reviewing it. If your application seems like a good fit for the position we will contact you soon.Have a great day! Regards,Your Truveta hiring team ** Please note: Do not reply to this email. This email is sent from an unattended mailbox. Replies will not be read.end-of-lineSender:no-reply@us.greenhouse-mail.io. Subject:Tower Research Capital LLC: Application Received. Mail:Hi Paul, Thanks for your interest in Tower—we got your resume, and we are excited to review it! We will consider you for all of our campus positions, so you do not need to apply to them separately. Should we be able to move forward with your candidacy, we look forward to being in touch soon. Thanks again, Tower Research Capital LLC ** Please note: Do not reply to this email. This email is sent from an unattended mailbox. Replies will not be read.end-of-lineSender:The Block <no-reply@hire.lever.co>. Subject:Thanks for your application to The Block. Mail:Hi Andrew,Thanks for your interest in The Block! We wanted to let you know we received your application and we're delighted that you would consider joining our team.We will review your information and will be in touch if your qualifications match our needs for the role. If you are not selected for this position, please keep an eye on our jobs page for the future.Best,The Block Recruiting Teamend-of-lineSender:Fyusion <no-reply@hire.lever.co>. Subject:Thank you for applying to Fyusion!. Mail:Hi Christopher,Thank you for your interest in joining Fyusion! This email is just to let you know that we received your application for Computer Vision Intern - Geometry, and are excited to review it!Our team will be in touch if your qualifications match our needs for the position. If you are not selected for this role, keep an eye on our jobs page, we're growing!Best,The Fyusion Recruiting Teamend-of-lineSender:no-reply@us.greenhouse-mail.io. Subject:Thank you for applying to Docugami. Mail:John, Thanks for applying to Docugami. Your application has been received and we will review it right away. If your application seems like a good fit for the position we will contact you soon. Regards, Docugami ** Please note: Do not reply to this email. This email is sent from an unattended mailbox. Replies will not be read.end-of-lineSender:no-reply@us.greenhouse-mail.io. Subject:Thank you for applying to Diffuse Bio. Mail:Paul, Thanks for applying to Diffuse Bio. Your application has been received and we will review it right away. If your application seems like a good fit for the position we will contact you soon. Regards, Diffuse Bio ** Please note: Do not reply to this email. This email is sent from an unattended mailbox. Replies will not be read.end-of-lineSender:Apple Worldwide Recruiting <appleworldwiderecruiting@email.apple.com>. Subject:Thanks for your interest in Apple.. Mail:Hi Thomas, We just received your resume for the following role: Software Engineering Internships 200480063. Thanks for thinking of us. Here’s what happens next: If you’re a potential match for the role, you’ll hear from one of our recruiters. We’ll also keep your resume on file if another job matches your experience. Apple is a place where people from all backgrounds come together to do the best work of their lives. And we’re always looking for great people to join us. Regards, Apple Worldwide Recruiting Apple is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants. Apple is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. Apple is a drug-free workplace. Please do not reply to this message; it was automatically generated, and replies will not be read. Copyright @ 2023 Apple Inc. One Apple Park Way, Cupertino, CA 95014 USA.end-of-lineSender:Apple Worldwide Recruiting <appleworldwiderecruiting@email.apple.com>. Subject:Thanks for your interest in Apple.. Mail:Hi Charles, We just received your resume for the following role: Machine Learning / AI Internships 200480066. Thanks for thinking of us. Here’s what happens next: If you’re a potential match for the role, you’ll hear from one of our recruiters. We’ll also keep your resume on file if another job matches your experience. Apple is a place where people from all backgrounds come together to do the best work of their lives. And we’re always looking for great people to join us. Regards, Apple Worldwide Recruiting Apple is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants. Apple is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. Apple is a drug-free workplace. Please do not reply to this message; it was automatically generated, and replies will not be read. Copyright @ 2023 Apple Inc. One Apple Park Way, Cupertino, CA 95014 USA.end-of-lineSender:CertiK <no-reply@hire.lever.co>. Subject:Thank you for your application to CertiK. Mail:Hi Christopher, Thank you for your interest in CertiK! We wanted to let you know we received your application for Platform Engineering Intern, and we are delighted that you would consider joining our team. Our team will review your application and will be in touch if your qualifications match our needs for the role. If you are not selected for this position, keep an eye on our jobs page as we're growing and adding openings. Best, The CertiK Teamend-of-lineSender:CertiK <no-reply@hire.lever.co>. Subject:Thank you for your application to CertiK. Mail:Hi Anthony, Thank you for your interest in CertiK! We wanted to let you know we received your application for Internship - Development, and we are delighted that you would consider joining our team. Our team will review your application and will be in touch if your qualifications match our needs for the role. If you are not selected for this position, keep an eye on our jobs page as we're growing and adding openings. Best, The CertiK Teamend-of-lineSender:GE Workday Notifications <ge@myworkday.com>. Subject:Thank you for Applying. Mail:Hi Kenneth , Thank you for taking the time to apply for GE Aerospace Engineering Engines Computer or Software Engineering Intern - Summer 2024 . So, what happens now? We will review your profile against the qualifications for this opportunity, which may take some time. We give each application the same careful consideration yours is receiving right now, and rest assured: you’ll hear from us!What can you do in the meantime? At any time, you may log back into your profile and check the status of your submission by creating a Candidate Home account and logging into to check your applications. Please use this link to create or view your candidate home account. Looking for more ways to engage with GE? Follow us on Instagram or LinkedIn . A career at GE is about seeing the bigger picture and discovering the possibilities in it. Learn more about our diverse businesses that give you flexibility for change while providing the opportunity to learn, and the ability to develop your career.Today our company is more dynamic than ever, and working at GE is about exploring, learning, and evolving as you go. Together, we can discover new possibilities.Kind regards,GE Talent Acquisition Team*This message is sent from a computer system; please do not reply to this email. This email box is not monitored. Please do not reply to this message. This email was intended for kenneth.brown@gmail.comend-of-lineSender:GE Workday Notifications <ge@myworkday.com>. Subject:Thank you for Applying. Mail:Hi James , Thank you for taking the time to apply for GE Aerospace Systems Engineering Intern - Summer 2024 . So, what happens now? We will review your profile against the qualifications for this opportunity, which may take some time. We give each application the same careful consideration yours is receiving right now, and rest assured: you’ll hear from us!What can you do in the meantime? At any time, you may log back into your profile and check the status of your submission by creating a Candidate Home account and logging into to check your applications. Please use this link to create or view your candidate home account. Looking for more ways to engage with GE? Follow us on Instagram or LinkedIn . A career at GE is about seeing the bigger picture and discovering the possibilities in it. Learn more about our diverse businesses that give you flexibility for change while providing the opportunity to learn, and the ability to develop your career.Today our company is more dynamic than ever, and working at GE is about exploring, learning, and evolving as you go. Together, we can discover new possibilities.Kind regards,GE Talent Acquisition Team*This message is sent from a computer system; please do not reply to this email. This email box is not monitored. Please do not reply to this message. This email was intended for james.wilson@gmail.comend-of-lineSender:recruiting@deshaw.com. Subject:Your application to the D. E. Shaw group. Mail:Dear KELVIN,Your application has been received and will be carefully considered by a member of our recruiting team.Thank you for your interest in the D. E. Shaw group.Best,Human Capital | RecruitingD. E. Shaw & Co., L.P.end-of-lineSender:Ramp Hiring Team <no-reply@ashbyhq.com>. Subject:Thank you for applying to Ramp!. Mail:Hi David,Thank you for taking the time to apply to our Software Engineer Internship | Backend opening at Ramp! Your application has been received and will be reviewed as soon as you complete the CodeSignal that will be sent over in the next 1-3 days (please be sure to check your spam folder as it will expire 7 days after it is received).Wishing you the best of luck,Emerging Talent at Ramp** Please note: This email is sent from an unattended mailbox and replies will not be read.end-of-lineSender:Panasonic Corporation of North America Recruiting Team <notification@jobvite.com>. Subject:Your application for Software Electrical Engineer Intern at Panasonic Corporation of North America. Mail:Dear Matthew,Thanks so much for your interest in the Software Electrical Engineer Intern opportunity here at Panasonic Corporation of North America . We have received your application and it will be reviewed shortly. To view the status of your application at any time, please visit:Application StatusSincerely,The Panasonic Corporation of North America Recruiting Team-*_____ You can reply directly to this message or click here to reply via your Jobvite user account. Email Preferences | Powered by Jobvite *______*end-of-lineSender:Fyusion <no-reply@hire.lever.co>. Subject:Thank you for applying to Fyusion!. Mail:Hi David,Thank you for your interest in joining Fyusion! This email is just to let you know that we received your application for Computer Vision Intern - Geometry, and are excited to review it!Our team will be in touch if your qualifications match our needs for the position. If you are not selected for this role, keep an eye on our jobs page, we're growing!Best,The Fyusion Recruiting Teamend-of-lineSender:Fyusion <no-reply@hire.lever.co>. Subject:Thank you for applying to Fyusion!. Mail:Hi Michael,Thank you for your interest in joining Fyusion! This email is just to let you know that we received your application for Computer Vision Intern - Deep Learning, and are excited to review it!Our team will be in touch if your qualifications match our needs for the position. If you are not selected for this role, keep an eye on our jobs page, we're growing!Best,The Fyusion Recruiting Teamend-of-lineSender:Lightmatter <noreply@candidates.workablemail.com>. Subject:Intern - User Interface (Boston) - Lightmatter. Mail:Dear Charles, We greatly appreciate your time in applying and interest in joining Lightmatter! Although your resume presents some amazing skills and experiences, yours was not selected for further consideration. Leading the (r)evolution of computing requires a lot of awesome people, so we encourage you to keep an eye on our careers page as we will be adding exciting new roles that you may be a perfect match for. All the best, The Lightmatter Teamend-of-lineSender:no-reply@us.greenhouse-mail.io. Subject:Important information about your application to Addepar. Mail:Dear Charles,Thank you for your interest in Addepar. We appreciate the time and effort you put into our application process. At this time, however, we are unable to offer you an interview for the Software Engineer Intern - Precompute role. We will keep your resume in our records and contact you if a role opens up in the future that fits your qualifications. We wish you the best in your job search. Regards,Addeparend-of-lineSender:no-reply@us.greenhouse-mail.io. Subject:Important information about your application to Addepar. Mail:Dear John,Thank you for your interest in Addepar. We appreciate the time and effort you put into our application process. At this time, however, we are unable to offer you an interview for the Software Engineer Intern - Onboarding Experience (OX) (US) role. We will keep your resume in our records and contact you if a role opens up in the future that fits your qualifications. We wish you the best in your job search. Regards,Addeparend-of-lineSender:do-not-reply adobe <adobe@myworkday.com>. Subject:Thank you for Applying to Adobe. Mail:Hi Anthony, Thank you for taking the time to apply for the R141481 2024 Intern - Software Engineer role. We’re fortunate to have received a lot of interest in this role, resulting in a very competitive selection process and unfortunately, at this time we have decided not to move forward with your application.While it didn’t work out this time, we hope you will continue to explore other opportunities with us by visiting our Career Site . Thank you once again for your interest in Adobe, and we wish you all the best in your search for a suitable position. * Please note: This email is sent from an unattended mailbox, please do not reply to this email.Kind Regards,Adobe Talent Acquisition Team This email was intended for anthony.martin@gmail.com Adobe Systems Incorporated · 345 Park Ave. San Jose, CA 95110end-of-lineSender:no-reply@us.greenhouse-mail.io. Subject:Your Application to Unite Us. Mail:Hello, Thank you for applying to the Software Engineering Intern role at Unite Us. We sincerely appreciate your interest, but at this time we will not be moving forward with your candidacy as we have filled the position. We are growing fast and there could definitely be opportunities in the near future. Please continue to monitor our open roles and I encourage you to apply if you feel it is a great match. We wish you all the best in your job search, The Unite Us Recruiting Teamend-of-lineSender:PlusAI <no-reply@hire.lever.co>. Subject:Thank you for your application to PlusAI. Mail:Hi Anthony,Thank you for your interest in PlusAI! We wanted to let you know we received your application for Intern - Automotive/Robotics Systems Engineer, and we are delighted that you would consider joining our team.Our team will review your application and will be in touch if your qualifications match our needs for the role. If you are not selected for this position, keep an eye on our jobs page as we're growing and adding openings.Best,The PlusAI Teamend-of-lineSender:PlusAI <no-reply@hire.lever.co>. Subject:Thank you for your application to PlusAI. Mail:Hi Charles,Thank you for your interest in PlusAI! We wanted to let you know we received your application for Intern - Simulation Software Engineer, and we are delighted that you would consider joining our team.Our team will review your application and will be in touch if your qualifications match our needs for the role. If you are not selected for this position, keep an eye on our jobs page as we're growing and adding openings.Best,The PlusAI Teamend-of-lineSender:PlusAI <no-reply@hire.lever.co>. Subject:Thank you for your application to PlusAI. Mail:Hi Steven,Thank you for your interest in PlusAI! We wanted to let you know we received your application for Intern - Perception Research Engineer (Mapping & Localization), and we are delighted that you would consider joining our team.Our team will review your application and will be in touch if your qualifications match our needs for the role. If you are not selected for this position, keep an eye on our jobs page as we're growing and adding openings.Best,The PlusAI Teamend-of-lineSender:PlusAI <no-reply@hire.lever.co>. Subject:Thank you for your application to PlusAI. Mail:Hi Anthony,Thank you for your interest in PlusAI! We wanted to let you know we received your application for Intern - Perception Research Engineer, and we are delighted that you would consider joining our team.Our team will review your application and will be in touch if your qualifications match our needs for the role. If you are not selected for this position, keep an eye on our jobs page as we're growing and adding openings.Best,The PlusAI Teamend-of-lineSender:PlusAI <no-reply@hire.lever.co>. Subject:Thank you for your application to PlusAI. Mail:Hi William,Thank you for your interest in PlusAI! We wanted to let you know we received your application for Intern - Perception Engineer, and we are delighted that you would consider joining our team.Our team will review your application and will be in touch if your qualifications match our needs for the role. If you are not selected for this position, keep an eye on our jobs page as we're growing and adding openings.Best,The PlusAI Teamend-of-lineSender:PlusAI <no-reply@hire.lever.co>. Subject:Thank you for your application to PlusAI. Mail:Hi Andrew,Thank you for your interest in PlusAI! We wanted to let you know we received your application for Intern - Computer Vision Research Engineer, and we are delighted that you would consider joining our team.Our team will review your application and will be in touch if your qualifications match our needs for the role. If you are not selected for this position, keep an eye on our jobs page as we're growing and adding openings.Best,The PlusAI Teamend-of-lineSender:PlusAI <no-reply@hire.lever.co>. Subject:Thank you for your application to PlusAI. Mail:Hi Kenneth,Thank you for your interest in PlusAI! We wanted to let you know we received your application for Intern - RL Controls Research Engineer, and we are delighted that you would consider joining our team.Our team will review your application and will be in touch if your qualifications match our needs for the role. If you are not selected for this position, keep an eye on our jobs page as we're growing and adding openings.Best,The PlusAI Teamend-of-lineSender:PlusAI <no-reply@hire.lever.co>. Subject:Thank you for your application to PlusAI. Mail:Hi Joseph,Thank you for your interest in PlusAI! We wanted to let you know we received your application for Intern - Runtime Software Engineer, Embedded, and we are delighted that you would consider joining our team.Our team will review your application and will be in touch if your qualifications match our needs for the role. If you are not selected for this position, keep an eye on our jobs page as we're growing and adding openings.Best,The PlusAI Teamend-of-lineSender:PlusAI <no-reply@hire.lever.co>. Subject:Thank you for your application to PlusAI. Mail:Hi Kenneth,Thank you for your interest in PlusAI! We wanted to let you know we received your application for Intern - Robotics Engineer, Sensors, and we are delighted that you would consider joining our team.Our team will review your application and will be in touch if your qualifications match our needs for the role. If you are not selected for this position, keep an eye on our jobs page as we're growing and adding openings.Best,The PlusAI Teamend-of-lineSender:PlusAI <no-reply@hire.lever.co>. Subject:Thank you for your application to PlusAI. Mail:Hi Kenneth,Thank you for your interest in PlusAI! We wanted to let you know we received your application for Intern - ML Data Engineer, and we are delighted that you would consider joining our team.Our team will review your application and will be in touch if your qualifications match our needs for the role. If you are not selected for this position, keep an eye on our jobs page as we're growing and adding openings.Best,The PlusAI Teamend-of-lineSender:PlusAI <no-reply@hire.lever.co>. Subject:Thank you for your application to PlusAI. Mail:Hi William,Thank you for your interest in PlusAI! We wanted to let you know we received your application for Intern - Fullstack Engineer(Simulation), and we are delighted that you would consider joining our team.Our team will review your application and will be in touch if your qualifications match our needs for the role. If you are not selected for this position, keep an eye on our jobs page as we're growing and adding openings.Best,The PlusAI Teamend-of-lineSender:PlusAI <no-reply@hire.lever.co>. Subject:Thank you for your application to PlusAI. Mail:Hi Richard,Thank you for your interest in PlusAI! We wanted to let you know we received your application for Intern - Fullstack Engineer, and we are delighted that you would consider joining our team.Our team will review your application and will be in touch if your qualifications match our needs for the role. If you are not selected for this position, keep an eye on our jobs page as we're growing and adding openings.Best,The PlusAI Teamend-of-lineSender:PlusAI <no-reply@hire.lever.co>. Subject:Thank you for your application to PlusAI. Mail:Hi Christopher,Thank you for your interest in PlusAI! We wanted to let you know we received your application for Intern - Full-stack Engineer, and we are delighted that you would consider joining our team.Our team will review your application and will be in touch if your qualifications match our needs for the role. If you are not selected for this position, keep an eye on our jobs page as we're growing and adding openings.Best,The PlusAI Teamend-of-lineSender:"SonyWorkdayDoNotReply@sony.com" <sonyglobal@myworkday.com>. Subject:Your application with us. Mail:Hello Anthony, Thank you for your interest in our Intern, Cybersecurity role. Unfortunately, your application has been unsuccessful this time.Your next career move could still be just around the corner! You can keep up to date with our Careers Page and LinkedIn, and if you see a role that matches your ambitions and skillset, we would love to hear from you again!Sincerely,Talent & Resourcing Team This email was intended for anthony.taylor@gmail.com SonyWorkdayDoNotReply@sony.com · SonyWorkdayDoNotReply@sony.comend-of-lineSender:Vontier Human Resources <hr-vontier@invalidemail.com>. Subject:Update on Position GIL010226 - Software Developer Intern. Mail:Hi Christopher, Thank you for your interest and for taking the time to apply to the Software Developer Intern position with Gilbarco Inc.. Unfortunately, after careful consideration, we will not be moving forward with your candidacy. This update is only for the job listed above and does not impact your application status as it relates to any other jobs you apply to now or in the future. We encourage you to visit careers.vontier.com periodically to review and apply for job openings across our portfolio of companies focused on mobility technologies, retail and commercial fueling, fleet management, telematics, vehicle diagnostics and repair, and smart cities. Join our Talent Community to be notified when a position that matches your interests becomes available. We appreciate your interest in joining us to mobilize the future to create a better world! Best Regards, Talent Acquisition Team Gilbarco Inc. Replies to this message are undeliverable and will not reach the Talent Acquisition Team. Please do not reply.end-of-lineSender:do-not-reply adobe <adobe@myworkday.com>. Subject:Thank you for Applying to Adobe. Mail:Hi Kenneth, Thank you for taking the time to apply for the R139226 2024 Intern - Software Development Engineer role. We’re fortunate to have received a lot of interest in this role, resulting in a very competitive selection process and unfortunately, at this time we have decided not to move forward with your application.While it didn’t work out this time, we hope you will continue to explore other opportunities with us by visiting our Career Site . Thank you once again for your interest in Adobe, and we wish you all the best in your search for a suitable position. * Please note: This email is sent from an unattended mailbox, please do not reply to this email.Kind Regards,Adobe Talent Acquisition Team This email was intended for kenneth.harris@gmail.com Adobe Systems Incorporated · 345 Park Ave. San Jose, CA 95110end-of-lineSender:do-not-reply adobe <adobe@myworkday.com>. Subject:Thank you for Applying to Adobe. Mail:Hi John, Thank you for taking the time to apply for the R139228 2024 Intern - Software Development Engineer role. We’re fortunate to have received a lot of interest in this role, resulting in a very competitive selection process and unfortunately, at this time we have decided not to move forward with your application.While it didn’t work out this time, we hope you will continue to explore other opportunities with us by visiting our Career Site . Thank you once again for your interest in Adobe, and we wish you all the best in your search for a suitable position. * Please note: This email is sent from an unattended mailbox, please do not reply to this email.Kind Regards,Adobe Talent Acquisition Team This email was intended for john.thompson@gmail.com Adobe Systems Incorporated · 345 Park Ave. San Jose, CA 95110end-of-lineSender:do-not-reply adobe <adobe@myworkday.com>. Subject:Thank you for Applying to Adobe. Mail:Hi Richard, Thank you for taking the time to apply for the R141251 2024 AI/ML Intern - Machine Learning Engineer role. We’re fortunate to have received a lot of interest in this role, resulting in a very competitive selection process and unfortunately, at this time we have decided not to move forward with your application.While it didn’t work out this time, we hope you will continue to explore other opportunities with us by visiting our Career Site . Thank you once again for your interest in Adobe, and we wish you all the best in your search for a suitable position. * Please note: This email is sent from an unattended mailbox, please do not reply to this email.Kind Regards,Adobe Talent Acquisition Team This email was intended for richard.harris@gmail.com Adobe Systems Incorporated · 345 Park Ave. San Jose, CA 95110end-of-lineSender:no-reply@us.greenhouse-mail.io. Subject:Important information about your application to Addepar. Mail:Dear Steven,Thank you for your interest in Addepar. We appreciate the time and effort you put into our application process. At this time, however, we are unable to offer you an interview for the Software Engineer - Data Architecture Intern role. We will keep your resume in our records and contact you if a role opens up in the future that fits your qualifications. We wish you the best in your job search. Regards,Addeparend-of-lineSender:do-not-reply adobe <adobe@myworkday.com>. Subject:Thank you for Applying to Adobe. Mail:Hi Joseph, Thank you for taking the time to apply for the R141489 2024 Intern – IT Portfolio Planning & Operations role. We’re fortunate to have received a lot of interest in this role, resulting in a very competitive selection process and unfortunately, at this time we have decided not to move forward with your application.While it didn’t work out this time, we hope you will continue to explore other opportunities with us by visiting our Career Site . Thank you once again for your interest in Adobe, and we wish you all the best in your search for a suitable position. * Please note: This email is sent from an unattended mailbox, please do not reply to this email.Kind Regards,Adobe Talent Acquisition Team This email was intended for joseph.thompson@gmail.com Adobe Systems Incorporated · 345 Park Ave. San Jose, CA 95110end-of-lineSender:caci@myworkday.com. Subject:Thank you for your interest in the Computer Science Intern – Summer 2024 position at CACI. Mail:Hello Michael -Thank you for your interest in the 293222 Computer Science Intern – Summer 2024 position at CACI. Your interest is genuinely appreciated. After careful consideration, we regret to inform you that you have not been selected for this position. We encourage you to continue to review and apply for other opportunities at CACI by visiting our career site at https://careers.caci.com.Thank you again for your interest in CACI. We wish you the best of luck on your search.Best Regards,CACI Talent Acquisition TeamClick Here to View Career Site This email was intended for michael.white@gmail.comend-of-lineSender:no-reply@relativityspace.com. Subject:Important information about your application to Relativity Space. Mail:Hi Thomas, Thank you for your application to Relativity Space for the Software Engineer Intern - Fall 2024 position. After reviewing your work and experience, we've made the decision to not move forward with your application for this role at this time. However, we would love to keep your resume on file to consider for any future roles that better align with your experience.If you applied to multiple roles with us, please note that you are still in consideration for those roles unless otherwise notified. We appreciate your interest in Relativity Space and wish you success in your job search. Best,Relativity Spaceend-of-lineSender:LinkedIn <jobs-noreply@linkedin.com>. Subject:Your application to Software Engineer Intern at Gnosis Freight. Mail:Your application to Software Engineer Intern at Gnosis Freight ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ ͏ Your update from Gnosis Freight Software Engineer Intern Gnosis Freight · Charleston County, South Carolina, United States Applied on Mar 18 Thank you for your interest in the Software Engineer Intern position at Gnosis Freight in Charleston County, South Carolina, United States. Unfortunately, we will not be moving forward with your application, but we appreciate your time and interest in Gnosis Freight.Regards,Gnosis Freight Top jobs looking for your skills Internship - Software Engineer Intelligent Medical Objects (IMO) · Rosemont, Illinois, United States Intern - Software Engineer SLB · Sugar Land, Texas, United States Software Development Internship Education Management Solutions · Wayne, Pennsylvania, United States Software Engineer Intern Ezurio · Akron, Ohio, United States Summer 2024 Intern - Software Development - Digital Mission Engineering Ansys · Exton, Pennsylvania, United States See more jobs Never miss an update with the LinkedIn app This email was intended for John Harris (Seeking Summer 2024 internship | Grad student | MS computer engineering) Learn why we included this. You are receiving LinkedIn notification emails. Unsubscribe · Help © 2024 LinkedIn Corporation, 1‌000 West Maude Avenue, Sunnyvale, CA 94085. LinkedIn and the LinkedIn logo are registered trademarks of LinkedIn.end-of-lineSender:noreply epri <vhr_epri@myworkday.com>. Subject:Thank you for your interest in the Electric Power Research Institute. Mail:Dear Daniel Jackson, Thank you for submitting your resume to the Electric Power Research Institute in consideration for REQ-3235 Nuclear Software Developer Student Employee (Open) . We were fortunate to have many qualified candidates apply to each of our positions. We have reviewed the qualifications of each candidate and after careful consideration; we have determined that the credentials of other candidates may better fit our needs at this time.We will keep your resume on hand for future consideration and encourage you to express further interest in positions you feel may be a strong fit for your background and experience.Please accept our best wishes and thank you for your interest in the Electric Power Research Institute.Cordially,Human ResourcesElectric Power Research Institute Subject: Daniel Jackson ‎- REQ-3235 Nuclear Software Developer Student Employee (Cand-62324) This email was intended for daniel.jackson@gmail.com Electric Power Research Institute · 3420 Hillview Avenue, Palo Alto, California 94304end-of-lineSender:Imprivata Recruiting Team <notifications@imprivata.com>. Subject:Your application for Software Engineering Intern, Automation at Imprivata. Mail:Dear Michael,Thank you for your interest in a career at Imprivata. We have received your application for Software Engineering Intern, Automation. What happens now? We will review your application and will contact you if there is a good match.In the meantime, to view the status of your application, please go to the following link:Application StatusIf you'd like to learn more about who we are and the Imprivata Difference, go to: https://www.imprivata.com/differenceSincerely,The Imprivata Recruiting Team-*_____ You can reply directly to this message or click here to reply via your Jobvite user account. Email Preferences | Powered by Jobvite *______*end-of-lineSender:Workday - Accolade <osv_accolade@myworkday.com>. Subject:Thank you for applying to Accolade, Inc.. Mail:Hi Steven , Thank you very much for your interest in Accolade and the position of Intern - Software Engineer (Python, Spark) . Your resume will be reviewed by one of our recruiters shortly and, if your background experience meets the criteria for the position, we will be in touch to schedule an interview with a member of the Talent Acquisition team via email or phone. If you have any questions, please feel free to reach out to any member of the recruiting team for additional information. Sincerely, Accolade Talent Acquisition Team This email was intended for steven.anderson@gmail.com Accolade · 660 W Germantown Pike Suite 500 Plymouth Meeting, PA 19460end-of-lineSender:caci@myworkday.com. Subject:Thank you for your interest in the Software Engineer Intern – Summer 2024 position at CACI. Mail:Hello Kenneth -Thank you for your interest in the 292742 Software Engineer Intern – Summer 2024 position at CACI. This requisition has been filled and therefore your application is no longer under consideration for this position. We sincerely appreciate your interest and encourage you to continue to review and apply for other opportunities at CACI by visiting our career site at https://careers.caci.com.Thank you again for your interest in CACI. We wish you the best of luck on your search.Best Regards,CACI Talent Acquisition TeamClick Here to View Career Site This email was intended for kenneth.anderson@gmail.comend-of-lineSender:donotreply_Leidos_HR workday <leidos@myworkday.com>. Subject:Update on Leidos Position SOC Operations Intern. Mail:Dear Anthony: Thank you for your interest regarding Leidos's Job SOC Operations Intern position. We are grateful for your time.Unfortunately, the team has decided to move in a different direction and we will not be moving further ahead with your application for this specific position at this time.Leidos has other positions available that may fit your skills and interests. We encourage you to look at our career site at www.leidos.com/careers (file://www.leidos.com/careers) to find other career opportunities of interest to you. Also, your career profile will be available to Leidos's Careers team, and we may contact you if we find a position for which you'd be a strong fit. Thanks again for considering Leidos and its subsidiaries as part of your career search. Please let me know if I can answer any questions. Sincerely, Ben KnauerBENJAMIN.C.KNAUER@leidos.com+1 (703) 6644881 This email was intended for anthony.taylor@gmail.comend-of-lineSender:noreply epri <vhr_epri@myworkday.com>. Subject:Thank You. Mail:Thank you for submitting your resume. Our management team is reviewing your qualificationsand will contact you if there is a match with our current open positions.Meanwhile, using your email address and password, you can login to our careers website anytimeto view your status and edit your application information. We appreciate your interest in Electric Power Research Institute and wish you the best of luck in your job search. This email was intended for thomas.robinson@gmail.com Electric Power Research Institute · 3420 Hillview Avenue, Palo Alto, California 94304end-of-lineSender:noreply@careers.slb.com. Subject:William, we have received your application. Mail:Hello William,We have received your application for Software Engineering intern. We are currently reviewing it and will reach out again as soon as there is an update. Best Regards,SLB Talent Teamend-of-lineSender:PlusAI <no-reply@hire.lever.co>. Subject:Thank you for your application to PlusAI. Mail:Hi Donald,Thank you for your interest in PlusAI! We wanted to let you know we received your application for Intern - Software Engineer, and we are delighted that you would consider joining our team.Our team will review your application and will be in touch if your qualifications match our needs for the role. If you are not selected for this position, keep an eye on our jobs page as we're growing and adding openings.Best,The PlusAI Teamend-of-lineSender:no-reply@us.greenhouse-mail.io. Subject:Thank you for applying to Relativity Space. Mail:Charles, Thank you for your interest in Relativity! We wanted to let you know we received your application, and we are delighted by your interest in joining our team.Our hiring team will review your application and will follow-up with you if your qualifications match our needs for the position. In the meantime, check out our recent press here:https://www.relativityspace.com/pressIf you are not selected for this position (Software Engineer Intern - Fall 2024,) kindly keep an eye on our jobs page—as we continue to grow, we will be adding further openings. Regards,Relativity Space ** Please note: Do not reply to this email. This email is sent from an unattended mailbox. Replies will not be read.end-of-lineSender:ultra@myworkday.com. Subject:Application Received for Software Engineering Intern. Mail:Dear Daniel, Thank you for applying for the role of Software Engineering Intern . We are currently processing your application and will be in contact with you in due course.Please note that regardless of the outcome of your application we will retain your details on file for future reference in accordance with your local privacy laws.Kind regards,Ultra Talent Acquisition Business Process: Job Application: Daniel Smith ‎- REQ-7732 Software Engineering Intern (CAND-101194) on 03/16/2024 Subject: Daniel Smith ‎- REQ-7732 Software Engineering Intern (CAND-101194) Click here to view the notification details. This email was intended for daniel.smith@gmail.comend-of-lineSender:"Lattice Semiconductor Corp. @ icims" <latticesemi+autoreply@talent.icims.com>. Subject:Thank you for applying at Lattice Semiconductor Corp.. Mail:Dear Daniel, Thank you very much for your recent application to the Intern - LSV position at Lattice Semiconductor Corp.. Your submission will be reviewed by our recruiting staff, and we may reach out to you for more information if we determine that your background meets our staffing needs. Thank you again for your interest in our company. Sincerely,Lattice Semiconductor Corp. This is an automated email response. Please do not reply.This message was sent to daniel.martinez@gmail.com. If you don't want to receive these emails from this company in the future, please go to:https://latticesemi.icims.com/icims2/?r=B12023096&contactId=105870&pid=17 © Lattice Semiconductor Corporationend-of-lineSender:Nabors Applicant Tracking System <hr-nabors@naborscareers.com>. Subject:Summer Intern-  ​Software Engineer -24000021 at Nabors. Mail:James Robinson, We have received your application for the position of Summer Intern- ​Software Engineer -24000021 and are currently reviewing your experience and qualifications. You can review your candidate file, by clicking here. If your profile corresponds to our requirements, a member of our HR Department will contact you soon. We thank you for your interest in Nabors. Best regards, Human Resources Department NaborsNOTICE : This is a system generated e-mail message sent to you by the myNabors Applicant Tracking System. PLEASE DO NOT REPLY TO THIS E-MAIL!end-of-lineSender:AMETEK Talent Acquisition Team <AMETEK.Recruiting@successfactors.com>. Subject:Thank you for applying to Ametek, Inc.. Mail:Dear John, Your application for the position of ​Zygo -Software Engineering Intern has been received. We will review your qualifications against the requirements for this job, and you will receive an update on your status as an applicant. Thank you for your interest in AMETEK. AMETEK Talent Acquisition Team Please do not reply to this message as this email address cannot accept incoming responses.end-of-lineSender:Workday_no_reply cadence <cadence@myworkday.com>. Subject:Application Received for Software Intern. Mail:Hello James Congratulations! You’ve successfully applied for the role of Software Intern at Cadence. Thanks for letting us know you’re interested in joining our team. Our recruiting team will review your application and will be in contact with you if there is a fit. Sign into or create your candidate home account to check on the status of your application. In the meantime, find out more about what makes Cadence a great place to work and stay connected with us on Facebook, LinkedIn and Twitter. Thank you again for your interest in Cadence! Warm Regards, Cadence Talent Acquisition Team All of your information is secure in accordance with local privacy laws. Subject: James Moore ‎- R45585 Software Intern (C1956394) This email was intended for james.moore@gmail.comend-of-lineSender:HR Inbox <hr-xerox@xerox.com>. Subject:Thank you for applying to Xerox!. Mail:Dear Daniel: Thank you for your interest in Xerox and applying for the Software Engineering Internship position. We appreciate the opportunity to learn more about you and your professional experience. We will review your qualifications against the position requirements and if there is a match, we will contact you. You can check the status of your application at any time by clicking here.To view the full GDPR Privacy Statement , please click here.Thank you again for your interest in Xerox.Sincerely,Xerox Talent Acquisition For best functionality ensure you are using Google Chrome on laptops and PCs. © 2024 Xerox Corporation. All rights reserved. If you no longer wish to receive these E-mail notifications, Unsubscribe now.end-of-lineSender:HR Inbox <hr-xerox@xerox.com>. Subject:Thank you for applying to Xerox!. Mail:Dear Andrew: Thank you for your interest in Xerox and applying for the Software Engineering Internship position. We appreciate the opportunity to learn more about you and your professional experience. We will review your qualifications against the position requirements and if there is a match, we will contact you. You can check the status of your application at any time by clicking here.To view the full GDPR Privacy Statement , please click here.Thank you again for your interest in Xerox.Sincerely,Xerox Talent Acquisition For best functionality ensure you are using Google Chrome on laptops and PCs. © 2024 Xerox Corporation. All rights reserved. If you no longer wish to receive these E-mail notifications, Unsubscribe now.end-of-lineSender:no-reply@us.greenhouse-mail.io. Subject:Thank you for applying to AppLovin. Mail:Hi Charles, We appreciate your interest in working for AppLovin and the time you've invested in applying for the Mobile Software Engineering Intern position, your application has been received. What happens next? Our team will carefully assess your professional skills and qualifications to find those who best fit our current open positions. Should there be a match, you will be contacted directly by someone from our recruiting team. In the meantime, feel free to check our our website to learn more about our culture, values, and products. We're always looking for entrepreneurs who embrace new challenges and make an impact on our industry in positive ways. Thank you for your interest in AppLovin. Sincerely, The AppLovin Recruiting Team ** Please note: Do not reply to this email. This email is sent from an unattended mailbox. Replies will not be read.end-of-lineSender:no-reply@us.greenhouse-mail.io. Subject:Thank you for applying to AppLovin. Mail:Hi Joseph, We appreciate your interest in working for AppLovin and the time you've invested in applying for the Backend Software Engineering Intern position, your application has been received. What happens next? Our team will carefully assess your professional skills and qualifications to find those who best fit our current open positions. Should there be a match, you will be contacted directly by someone from our recruiting team. In the meantime, feel free to check our our website to learn more about our culture, values, and products. We're always looking for entrepreneurs who embrace new challenges and make an impact on our industry in positive ways. Thank you for your interest in AppLovin. Sincerely, The AppLovin Recruiting Team ** Please note: Do not reply to this email. This email is sent from an unattended mailbox. Replies will not be read.end-of-lineSender:AMETEK Talent Acquisition Team <AMETEK.Recruiting@successfactors.com>. Subject:Thank you for applying to Ametek, Inc.. Mail:Dear Paul, Your application for the position of ​Zygo - Software Engineering Intern has been received. We will review your qualifications against the requirements for this job, and you will receive an update on your status as an applicant. Thank you for your interest in AMETEK. AMETEK Talent Acquisition Team Please do not reply to this message as this email address cannot accept incoming responses.end-of-lineSender:"Medpace, Inc. @ icims" <medpace+autoreply@talent.icims.com>. Subject:Thank you for your application. Mail:Dear Donald, Thank you very much for your recent application to the Systems Engineer Intern- Summer 2024 position at Medpace, Inc.. We have received your resume and will contact you should there be interest in discussing employment opportunities. If you are not selected for current employment opportunities, we will keep your resume on file for future consideration. We appreciate your interest in employment with Medpace, and we wish you the best of luck with your career search.Sincerely,Medpace, Inc. This is an automated email response. Please do not reply. If you no longer wish to receive e-mail from Medpace, Inc., click here: https://medpace.icims.com/icims2/?r=9085781411&contactId=5495913&pid=17&hashed=1111672650.This message was sent to donald.anderson@gmail.com. If you don't want to receive these emails from this company in the future, please go to:https://medpace.icims.com/icims2/?r=9085781411&contactId=5495913&pid=17 © Medpace, Inc.; 5375 Medpace Way; Cincinnati, OH 45227; USAend-of-lineSender:TFE Jobs <jobs@tfewines.com>. Subject:Job Application Submitted to TFE. Mail:Dear Anthony, Thank you for your application to the position of Web Development Intern at Trinchero Family Estates. Resumes are reviewed frequently by our talent acquisition team. If we feel your skills and experience might be a match for this role we will contact you to further discuss this opportunity. Your profile and resume will remain in our searchable database. We welcome you to maintain and update your profile by visiting our website. New opportunities are frequently added to our site so we encourage you to continue to search and apply. To receive regular updates about new jobs openings, please join our Talent Network. Best of luck in your career search! Trinchero Family Estates Talent Acquisition Teamend-of-lineSender:Vontier Human Resources <hr-vontier@invalidemail.com>. Subject:Software Developer Intern-GIL010226. Mail:Hi Thomas, Thank you for applying to GIL010226 - Software Developer Intern at Gilbarco Inc.. We’ve received your resume/CV and want you to know that we appreciate your interest in applying for our opening. Your information is now in the Gilbarco Inc. database, where it will be available to recruiters who specialize in areas that match your skills and interests. We will be contacting those whose profiles best match our requirements soon. Again, thank you for considering Gilbarco Inc. as a potential employer. To learn more about the company and our global career opportunities, please visit http://www.vontier.com. Best regards, Talent Acquisition Team Gilbarco Inc. To access your profile at any time, click here. As a reminder, your username is: kelvin2001 If you do not remember your password, please use the "Forgot Password" link. Replies to this message are undeliverable and will not reach the Talent Acquisition Team. Please do not reply.end-of-lineSender:TrystarInc.hr@adp.com. Subject:Your application for the position Software Engineer - Intern at Trystar has been received. Mail:Disclaimer: This email has been sent by the HR team at Trystar Inc using ADP services. Dear Thomas Smith,Thank you for taking the time to submit your application for the Software Engineer - Intern position. We are glad that you are interested in a career at Trystar and we're here to help you find you perfect fit.We are currently reviewing your application. Should it be a good fit, we will contact you about next steps.You may also notice that we may consider your application for other positions. This may happen few times and it is part of our recruitment process.Is your profile telling your story?A key part of review process is to evaluate your Candidate Profile with job requirements, so please make sure your profile is accurate and extensive - its our first step in getting to know you! You can build your profile by importing information from your resume or manually updating it.We encourage you to visit our career center, Career Center frequently and continue to look for opportunities that may match your interests.To view your application updates, follow this link: My ApplicationsThank you,Talent Acquisition TeamTrystarNote: You must use the same email you used to log in to the career center when applying for jobs.end-of-lineSender:First Solar Careers <Careers@firstsolar.com>. Subject:Thank you for applying at First Solar, Kenneth!. Mail:Hi Kenneth, Thank you for applying for our Software Engineering Intern - MES (Summer 2024) position. You’re one step closer to a brighter future. If there is a match between your qualifications and the position, a member of our Recruiting team will contact you by phone or email. To manage your profile, please go to our candidate self-service page: Profile - First Solar (US) Careers (oraclecloud.com). In the meantime, join the conversation on our First Solar Careers social media channels to get a glimpse into life at First Solar. Click on the icons to access each social page: With appreciation, First Solar Talent Acquisition Teamend-of-lineSender:Itron-Recruitment <Itron-Recruitment@invalidemail.com>. Subject:Intern - Software Engineer-2400200 at Itron. Mail:Dear Michael Garcia Thank you for submitting your profile for the position of Intern - Software Engineer-2400200. We are currently reviewing your experience and qualifications for this role. If you would like to complete, review or update your candidate file, click here. If your profile corresponds to our requirements, a member of our Talent Acquisition Department will contact you soon. We thank you for your interest in Itron. Best Regards, Talent Acquisition Replies to this message are undeliverable. Please do not replyend-of-lineSender:caci@myworkday.com. Subject:Thank you for your interest in CACI. Mail:Thank you for your interest in CACI and recent application to the following position(s): • 292114 Junior Software Developer Intern - Summer 2024 • 292723 Uav Swarm Development Intern – Summer 2024 Our CACI Talent Acquisition team is still in the process of reviewing your application, and a recruiter will contact you if you are determined to be a potential match for the position.To check the status of your application, visit Workday and log in to your account by selecting "Sign In" in the top right corner. Once logged in, you can view this and any other applications by clicking the cloud icon in the top right corner and navigating to "View Profile."Best regards,CACI Talent Acquisition Team This email was intended for daniel.thompson@gmail.comend-of-lineSender:caci@myworkday.com. Subject:Thank you for your interest in the Software Development/Engineering Intern – Summer 2024 position at CACI. Mail:Hello Paul ,Thank you for your interest in the 292042 Software Development/Engineering Intern – Summer 2024 position at CACI. Your interest is genuinely appreciated. After careful consideration, we regret to inform you that you have not been selected for this position. We encourage you to continue to review and apply for other opportunities at CACI by visiting our career site at https://careers.caci.com.Thank you again for your interest in CACI. We wish you the best of luck on your search.Best Regards,CACI Talent Acquisition TeamClick Here to View Career Site This email was intended for paul.jones@gmail.comend-of-lineSender:caci@myworkday.com. Subject:Thank you for your interest in CACI. Mail:Thank you for your interest in CACI and recent application to the following position(s): • 289312 Cyber Engineering Intern - Summer 2024 • 293104 Cyber Engineering Intern - Summer 2024 • 292742 Software Engineer Intern – Summer 2024 Our CACI Talent Acquisition team is still in the process of reviewing your application, and a recruiter will contact you if you are determined to be a potential match for the position.To check the status of your application, visit Workday and log in to your account by selecting "Sign In" in the top right corner. Once logged in, you can view this and any other applications by clicking the cloud icon in the top right corner and navigating to "View Profile."Best regards,CACI Talent Acquisition Team This email was intended for robert.white@gmail.comend-of-lineSender:no-reply@coherehealth.com. Subject:Thank you for applying to Cohere Health. Mail:Dear Kenneth, Thanks for applying to our Software Engineer Security Co-Op (June - Nov 2024) position. Your application has been received and we will review it as soon as possible. If your application seems like a good fit for the position we will contact you soon.*If you're a current employee, please be sure to connect with your Manager/Supervisor about your interest in this position.* Regards,Cohere Health ** Please note: Do not reply to this email. This email is sent from an unattended mailbox. Replies will not be read.end-of-lineSender:Etsy Hiring Team <notifications@smartrecruiters.com>. Subject:Software Engineer Intern, Summer 2024 | Your application to Etsy | Joseph Moore. Mail:​​​​​​​​​​Hi Joseph,Thank you for taking the time to explore an opportunity with Etsy. We have reviewed your application with the hiring team and unfortunately, after careful consideration, we will not be moving you forward in process for the Software Engineer Intern, Summer 2024 role. Ultimately, the skillsets and experiences of some of our other applicants are more aligned with this position.We appreciate your interest in Etsy and although you aren’t joining our team today, it doesn’t mean that there won’t be another opportunity in the future. We update our careers page often and hope you'll identify another opportunity to possibly work together. In the meantime, we wish you success in finding your next career opportunity. Warmly, Etsy Global Talent Acquisition Flexible Work Modes |DEI & Impact | Engineering Blog Want a closer look into our culture? LifeAtEtsy | Meet Our Team Disclaimer: Unfortunately, we cannot provide interview feedback. Sent via SmartRecruiters, your hiring success platform. Learn more about our company and policies here.end-of-lineSender:caci@myworkday.com. Subject:Thank you for your interest in the Cyber Security Intern – Summer 2024 position at CACI. Mail:Hello Andrew -Thank you for your interest in the 291745 Cyber Security Intern – Summer 2024 position at CACI. This requisition has been filled and therefore your application is no longer under consideration for this position. We sincerely appreciate your interest and encourage you to continue to review and apply for other opportunities at CACI by visiting our career site at https://careers.caci.com.Thank you again for your interest in CACI. We wish you the best of luck on your search.Best Regards,CACI Talent Acquisition TeamClick Here to View Career Site This email was intended for andrew.thomas@gmail.comend-of-lineSender:careers@five9.com. Subject:Thank you for applying to Five9. Mail:Hi Mark, We have received your application for our 2024 Security Software Engineer Intern role with Five9. We are excited to see that you are interested in our Summer Internship Program! We will review your application and contact you should your background and experience match our needs. Although we wish we could respond to everyone who applies, this may not always be possible. We invite you to visit our website and follow us on LinkedIn for additional news, job postings, and other information about Five9 in the meantime! Best regards,Five9 Talent Acquisition Team ** Please note: Do not reply to this email. This email is sent from an unattended mailbox. Replies will not be read.end-of-lineSender:careers@five9.com. Subject:Thank you for applying to Five9. Mail:Hi Joseph, We have received your application for our 2024 Engineering Intern role with Five9. We are excited to see that you are interested in our Summer Internship Program! We will review your application and contact you should your background and experience match our needs. Although we wish we could respond to everyone who applies, this may not always be possible. We invite you to visit our website and follow us on LinkedIn for additional news, job postings, and other information about Five9 in the meantime! Best regards,Five9 Talent Acquisition Team ** Please note: Do not reply to this email. This email is sent from an unattended mailbox. Replies will not be read.end-of-lineSender:no-reply@us.greenhouse-mail.io. Subject:Thank you for applying!. Mail:Hi Donald,Thanks for applying to our Business Analytics Intern (Summer 2024) position! Your application has been received and we will review it right away.If your application seems like a good fit for the position, we will be in touch with you soon.Regards,Talent Acquisition** Please note: Do not reply to this email. This email is sent from an unattended mailbox. Replies will not be read.end-of-lineSender:no-reply@us.greenhouse-mail.io. Subject:Thank you for applying!. Mail:Hi Matthew,Thanks for applying to our Strategy & Analytics Intern - New York position! Your application has been received and we will review it right away.If your application seems like a good fit for the position, we will be in touch with you soon.Regards,Talent Acquisition** Please note: Do not reply to this email. This email is sent from an unattended mailbox. Replies will not be read.end-of-lineSender:donotreply_Leidos_HR workday <leidos@myworkday.com>. Subject:Leidos -Thank You For Applying to SOC Operations Intern. Mail:Dear Andrew, Thank you for your interest in working with us at Leidos!Your application for the position of SOC Operations Intern is being reviewed and a recruiter will reach out if we are moving forward with your application. In the meantime, you can also see the status of your application on your Workday Home Account by logging in to Workday. This will also allow you to apply to additional opportunities.Here are some resources to help you with your job search:- Learn more about Leidos- How to land a cleared job - whether you have a clearance or not- Leidos Benefit Offerings- Leidos Salary Information- All available jobs are posted on careers.leidos.com. You can filter your search by keywords, location, clearance, telework and more.We look forward to exploring future Leidos opportunities with you!Thank you,Leidos Talent Acquisitioncareers.leidos.comPlease note: Replies to this automatically-generated message are undeliverable. This email was intended for andrew.wilson@gmail.comend-of-lineSender:Lightmatter <noreply@candidates.workablemail.com>. Subject:Intern - User Interface (Boston) - Lightmatter. Mail:Good day Daniel, Thank you for applying for the Intern - User Interface (Boston) at Lightmatter. We're changing computing history! We’ve created an integrated photonic chip, and ultra-high performance interconnect that is faster, more efficient, and cooler than anything else on earth (or anything ever experienced before) to power the next giant leaps in human progress. If your application and experience align with what we are looking for to fill Intern - User Interface (Boston), a member of our Talent Acquisition team will be in touch soon. Thanks again for your interest in a career at Lightmatter! Warm regards, Lightmatter’s Talent Teamend-of-lineSender:Workable <noreply@candidates.workablemail.com>. Subject:Thanks for applying to Lightmatter. Mail:Your application for the Intern - User Interface (Boston) job was submitted successfully. Here's a copy of your application data for safekeeping. Personal information Name Charles Williams Email charles.williams@gmail.com Phone +16316150394 Profile Resume Charles_Williams_resume.docx Details Will you now or in the future require sponsorship for employment visa status? Yes Are you currently enrolled at a university? Yes Lightmatter follows a hybrid work model. Are you available to work at one of our office locations several times per week? Yes Withdraw this application Powered by Workableend-of-lineSender:"Rivian Automotive, LLC" <rivian+autoreply@talent.icims.com>. Subject:Thank You for Applying at Rivian Automotive, LLC. Mail:Dear , Thank you for wanting to join this adventure with us. We have received your application for our UIUC Research Park Intern - Camera Image Quality role and will review it shortly. Our recruiting team will contact you should the opportunity and your experience align. To learn more about Rivian, please visit our Careers site, our LinkedIn page, and our YouTube channel to see how we are bringing our work to life. Thanks again for considering us. Regards,The Rivian Talent Acquisition Team This is an automated email response. Please do not reply. This message was sent to william.taylor@gmail.com. If you don't want to receive these emails from this company in the future, please go to:https://rivian.icims.com/icims2/?r=30A3770072&contactId=2234305&pid=195 © Rivian Automotive, LLC, Irvine CA USAend-of-lineSender:no-reply@us.greenhouse-mail.io. Subject:Thank you for applying to Unite Us. Mail:Hi Paul, Thank you for your interest in Unite Us! We’re reaching out to let you know, your application for the Software Engineering Intern - Screenings & Coordination Team position has been received and are excited you want to join our mission to connect health and social care. The recruiting team will review your application, and contact you if you are the right match for this specific role. If you are not selected, we encourage you to keep an eye on our careers page as we’re often adding new roles. Best wishes,The Unite Us Recruiting Team [Company Website] [Blog] [Town Hall] [Careers Page]end-of-lineSender:no-reply@us.greenhouse-mail.io. Subject:Joseph, thank you for applying to Vestmark, Inc.. Mail:Hello Joseph, Thank you for your interest in Vestmark, Inc., a Boston Business Journal's Best Place to Work Honoree for several years. We appreciate the time you took to apply for the System Engineer Intern - Summer 2024 role, and look forward to reviewing your application. We know that applying for a job can be exciting and, at times, nerve-wracking. In order to give you an idea of what happens next we have outlined our application process below. Vestmark Application Process Review Process All of our applications are reviewed by a member of our recruiting team or even one of our hiring managers. If your application and experience is determined to be a good fit for the role then we will reach out to you directly to arrange next steps. Timing Our goal is to respond to applicants within 2 weeks of receiving their application. Response times may vary depending upon the volume of applicants. Interview Process The first stage of the process is typically an initial interview with one of our recruiters or another member of the hiring team. We typically conduct 1-2 initial screens followed by a round of in-depth interviews either virtual or on-site with members of the hiring team. In some cases, there might be an additional 1-2 virtual or on-site interviews. Ways to learn more about Vestmark We encourage you to get to know us better through some of the following channels. Vestmark.com LinkedIn Built In Boston Thanks again for your interest in Vestmark! Sincerely, The Vestmark Recruiting Team ** Please note: Do not reply to this email. This email is sent from an unattended mailbox. Replies will not be read.end-of-lineSender:caci@myworkday.com. Subject:Thank you for your interest in the R&D Intern – Summer 2024 position at CACI. Mail:Hello Richard -Thank you for your interest in the 290621 R&D Intern – Summer 2024 position at CACI. This requisition has been filled and therefore your application is no longer under consideration for this position. We sincerely appreciate your interest and encourage you to continue to review and apply for other opportunities at CACI by visiting our career site at https://careers.caci.com.Thank you again for your interest in CACI. We wish you the best of luck on your search.Best Regards,CACI Talent Acquisition TeamClick Here to View Career Site This email was intended for richard.thomas@gmail.comend-of-lineSender:"SonyWorkdayDoNotReply@sony.com" <sonyglobal@myworkday.com>. Subject:Your application ( Software Development Intern ). Mail:Hello Christopher, Thank you for your interest in this role. Unfortunately, your application has been unsuccessful this time.That's not to say our journey together is over! You can keep up to date with our Careers Page and LinkedIn, and if you see a role that matches your ambitions and skillset, we would love to hear from you again!Sincerely,Talent & Resourcing Team This email was intended for christopher.harris@gmail.com SonyWorkdayDoNotReply@sony.com · SonyWorkdayDoNotReply@sony.comend-of-lineSender:DoNotReply Ellucian <ellucian+email+2r0p-a452e70e96@talent.icims.com>. Subject:Ellucian – Regarding Your Application. Mail:Hi Mark, We appreciate you taking the time to apply for the Software Engineer Intern position. We were fortunate to have a very strong group of applicants to consider for this role and have decided to move forward with other candidates. We know emails like this can be deflating, however please be assured we will hold onto your resume and may contact you in the future if a position opens that matches your skillsets. While this opportunity was not a fit, we appreciate your interest in us and want to do what we can to help you in your search. Below are some job search resources we’ve pulled together; we hope you find it useful.Optimizing your LinkedIn Profile5 Job Searching Tips Guaranteed to Get You Hired6 Simple Job Search Tips People Always ForgetPreparing for an InterviewJoin our Talent Community to be in The KnowWe wish you all the best in your career search Mark! Best Regards,Ellucian Talent Acquisition Team This message was sent to mark.wilson@gmail.com. If you don't want to receive these emails from this company in the future, please go to:https://ellucian.icims.com/icims2/?r=AC76276987&contactId=712619 © Ellucianend-of-lineSender:"SonyWorkdayDoNotReply@sony.com" <sonyglobal@myworkday.com>. Subject:Your application with us. Mail:Hello Daniel, Thank you for your interest in our AI/ML Vision & Language Research Intern role. Unfortunately, your application has been unsuccessful this time.Your next career move could still be just around the corner! You can keep up to date with our Careers Page and LinkedIn, and if you see a role that matches your ambitions and skillset, we would love to hear from you again!Sincerely,Talent & Resourcing Team This email was intended for daniel.jackson@gmail.com SonyWorkdayDoNotReply@sony.com · SonyWorkdayDoNotReply@sony.comend-of-lineSender:no-reply@chathamfinancial.com. Subject:Follow up from Chatham Financial. Mail:Hi Daniel, Thank you for your interest in the 2024 Software Engineering Intern - Design Systems role at Chatham Financial and for the time you put into your application. After reviewing your resume, we have decided to move forward with other candidates at this time. We will keep your resume on file and encourage you to keep an eye on our careers page for future opportunities that may be a better fit. Thank you again for your time and interest and we wish you all the best in your job search. Kind Regards,The Chatham Talent Teamend-of-lineSender:"Garmin International, Inc. @ icims" <garmin+autoreply@talent.icims.com>. Subject:Software Engineer Intern at Garmin International, Inc. (Chandler, AZ). Mail:Dear Robert, Thank you for your interest in Garmin. Unfortunately, Garmin is unable to offer you employment at this time. Please keep in mind that Garmin is a growing organization, so it is possible in the future there may be other career opportunities that better match your qualifications. We invite you to continue to visiting our Garmin Careers website and to apply for other positions which match your qualifications and interests. Your resume and application is maintained in our database, but to be considered for other positions, you must apply directly to that specific position. We thank you for your interest in Garmin International and wish you continued success in your job search. Best regards, Human ResourcesGarmin International Garmin International is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, sexual orientation, disability, veteran or military status, or other protected status covered by federal, state, or local law. Replies to this message are undeliverable and will not reach the Human Resources Department. It is Garmin's policy to provide this letter as a means for communicating the status of your application. We are unable to provide further details regarding the reason for a hiring decision. © Garmin International, Inc. 1200 E 151st St, Olathe, KS 66062 USAend-of-lineSender:caci@myworkday.com. Subject:Thank you for your interest in the Junior Software Developer Internship – Summer 2024 position at CACI. Mail:Hello Robert ,Thank you for your interest in the 288747 Junior Software Developer Internship – Summer 2024 position at CACI. Your interest is genuinely appreciated. After careful consideration, we regret to inform you that you have not been selected for this position. We encourage you to continue to review and apply for other opportunities at CACI by visiting our career site at https://careers.caci.com.Thank you again for your interest in CACI. We wish you the best of luck on your search.Best Regards,CACI Talent Acquisition TeamClick Here to View Career Site This email was intended for robert.johnson@gmail.comend-of-lineSender:Oceaneering <recruiting@jobalerts.oceaneering.com>. Subject:Thank you for applying to Oceaneering!. Mail:Your Application was successfully submitted!Hi Anthony, Thank you for your interest in Oceaneering! We have received your submission for the Software Engineering Intern Robotics position. A member of our team will review your application and contact you if selected to continue in the hiring process.We are excited that you have taken the first steps towards exploring a career with Oceaneering. ​​​​​​​ We encourage you to continue to review our careers site and apply for positions that interest you. To learn more about being an Oceaneer, our history, mission, and vision visit Oceaneering.com.Solve the Unsolvable!Oceaneering Talent AcquisitionReplies to this email will not be received. This email is sent from an unattended mailboxConnect With Us On© Copyright 2019 Oceaneering International, Inc. All rights reservedTo ensure delivery to your inbox, please add recruiting@jobalerts.oceaneering.com to your address bookYou can unsubscribe here and stop receiving these job alert emailsend-of-lineSender:no-reply@us.greenhouse-mail.io. Subject:Thank you for applying to Chatham Financial. Mail:Hi David, Thank you for your interest in the 2024 Software Engineering Intern - Design Systems role at Chatham Financial. We have received your application and a member of our Talent Acquisition team will be reviewing it shortly. If your experience is a good fit for the position, we will reach out to schedule an initial interview. In the meantime, you can read more about what it’s like to work at Chatham Financial here.Kind Regards,The Chatham Talent Team Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates can be found here. ** Please note: Do not reply to this email. This email is sent from an unattended mailbox. Replies will not be read.end-of-lineSender:"Garmin International, Inc. @ icims" <garmin+autoreply@talent.icims.com>. Subject:Thank you for applying at Garmin. Mail:Dear Donald, Thank you very much for your recent application to the Software Engineer Intern position at Garmin. Your submission will be reviewed by our recruiting staff, and we may reach out to you for more information if we determine that your background meets our staffing needs. You can check the status of your application at any time by visiting your Candidate Dashboard. Thank you again for your interest in our company. Sincerely,Human ResourcesGarmin International, Inc. This is an automated email response. Please do not reply.This message was sent to donald.anderson@gmail.com. If you don't want to receive these emails from this company in the future, please go to:https://garmin.icims.com/icims2/?r=76DC171204&contactId=1337029&pid=17 © Garmin International, Inc. 1200 E 151st St, Olathe, KS 66062 USAend-of-lineSender:"Ellucian @ icims" <ellucian+autoreply@talent.icims.com>. Subject:Thank you for applying at Ellucian. Mail:Hello Mark, Thank you for your interest in Ellucian! We appreciate the time you took to apply to our job opening, Software Engineer Intern, and look forward to reviewing your resume! We know applying for a job can be exciting and, at times, nerve-racking. Particularly when you find your dream job, click apply, and then wait only to feel like you’ve been submitted into a blackhole. We’ve been there too! So, we want to provide some insight on our process to give you an understanding on what happens when you click that ‘submit’ button like you did a few minutes ago. Ellucian Application Process: Review Process: We typically receive 50+ applications per job opening. Being a high-growth company means our recruiters are working hard on lots of projects, including reviewing your application. We work hard to get back to applicants within 3-5 business days. Generally, we’re pretty good at this, but sometimes it can run a bit longer. Interview Selection: Our goal is to keep our process as open and transparent as possible. We’re fortunate to have a lot of talented individuals who want to join Ellucian. If you are not selected it just means there were other candidates in the mix whose backgrounds were better aligned at this time. In these cases, we will send you an email letting you know and will encourage you to sign up for our Talent Community to receive updates on future opportunities. Interview Process: If you are selected to move forward, the initial stage of the interview process is a 30-minute phone screen with a recruiter. This call is an exploratory conversation for you to get an understanding of the overall opportunity and our company culture, while giving us a chance to learn about your background to determine if we’re a good fit for one another. We understand you’re interviewing us as much as we’re interviewing you! If there’s mutual interest, the next steps would be a conversation with the Hiring Manager, followed by 1-2 rounds of interviews. The full interview cycle can run anywhere from a few weeks to a couple of months depending on the role, but we aim for weeks whenever possible. Once an offer has been accepted, we close the position and will notify all active candidates. Candidate Experience: Ellucian prides itself on providing a world-class customer experience – and it’s with that same spirit that we approach our candidate experience. We hope that you’ll find our process to be transparent, respectful, highly communicative and above all…authentic. Thank you again for your interest in Ellucian! Sincerely, The Ellucian Talent Acquisition Team This is an automated email response. Please do not reply. This message was sent to mark.jackson@gmail.com. If you don't want to receive these emails from this company in the future, please go to:https://ellucian.icims.com/icims2/?r=AC76276987&contactId=704243&pid=17 © Ellucianend-of-lineSender:Hearst Careers <recruiting@careers.hearst.com>. Subject:Your recent job application for Software Engineering Intern - 2021294. Mail:Hello John,We received your job application for Software Engineering Intern - 2021294. If your profile corresponds to our requirements, a member of our Recruiting team will contact you.If you want to manage your profile and application, go to your candidate self service page.Sincerely,Hearst Recruiting Team Replies to this message are undeliverable and will not reach the Recruiting team. Please do not reply.end-of-lineSender:Motorola Solutions - Workday <motorolasolutions@myworkday.com>. Subject:Thank you in your interest in Software Engineer - 2024 Internship. Mail:Dear Joseph Miller, Thank you for your interest in Motorola Solutions! Your information is now available for review by our hiring team. If we are able to match your skills and interests with an opportunity, you will be contacted for further information. Please be aware this timeline will vary. Should you wish to update your information or be automatically notified of future opportunities, please visit us at MSI CareersRegards,Motorola Solutions Global Talent Acquisition This email was intended for joseph.miller@gmail.comend-of-lineSender:Workday_no_reply cadence <cadence@myworkday.com>. Subject:Application Received for Software Engineering Intern. Mail:Hello Daniel Congratulations! You’ve successfully applied for the role of Software Engineering Intern at Cadence. Thanks for letting us know you’re interested in joining our team. Our recruiting team will review your application and will be in contact with you if there is a fit. Sign into or create your candidate home account to check on the status of your application. In the meantime, find out more about what makes Cadence a great place to work and stay connected with us on Facebook, LinkedIn and Twitter. Thank you again for your interest in Cadence! Warm Regards, Cadence Talent Acquisition Team All of your information is secure in accordance with local privacy laws. Subject: Daniel Robinson ‎- R45263 Software Engineering Intern (C1956394) This email was intended for daniel.robinson@gmail.comend-of-lineSender:do-not-reply adobe <adobe@myworkday.com>. Subject:Thanks for applying to Adobe. Mail:Dear Anthony Williams ,We wanted to let you know that we received your application for the R143051 2024 AI/ML Intern - Machine Learning Engineer/Researcher role. We look forward to learning more about you and we’ll be in touch if your skills and experiences are a match for this role.If you'd like to review your application status, please sign in to your account on our career site .In the meantime, we invite you to get to know our culture and our people.• Adobe Life blog - Hear from our employees themselves about their career experiences.• Best Places to Work Awards – There’s nothing more rewarding than recognition from our employees and the industry.• LinkedIn and Twitter – We’d love to stay in touch. Please follow us on LinkedIn and Twitter.Thanks,Adobe's Talent Acquisition TeamPrivacy is important to Adobe. Our Applicant Privacy Notice explains how we may use any personal data which you may submit as part of the job application process. This email was intended for anthony.williams@gmail.com Adobe Systems Incorporated · 345 Park Ave. San Jose, CA 95110end-of-lineSender:do-not-reply adobe <adobe@myworkday.com>. Subject:Thanks for applying to Adobe. Mail:Dear Joseph Wilson ,We wanted to let you know that we received your application for the R141251 2024 AI/ML Intern - Machine Learning Engineer role. We look forward to learning more about you and we’ll be in touch if your skills and experiences are a match for this role.If you'd like to review your application status, please sign in to your account on our career site .In the meantime, we invite you to get to know our culture and our people.• Adobe Life blog - Hear from our employees themselves about their career experiences.• Best Places to Work Awards – There’s nothing more rewarding than recognition from our employees and the industry.• LinkedIn and Twitter – We’d love to stay in touch. Please follow us on LinkedIn and Twitter.Thanks,Adobe's Talent Acquisition TeamPrivacy is important to Adobe. Our Applicant Privacy Notice explains how we may use any personal data which you may submit as part of the job application process. This email was intended for joseph.wilson@gmail.com Adobe Systems Incorporated · 345 Park Ave. San Jose, CA 95110end-of-lineSender:do-not-reply adobe <adobe@myworkday.com>. Subject:Thanks for applying to Adobe. Mail:Dear James Thomas ,We wanted to let you know that we received your application for the R141150 2024 Intern - Machine Learning Engineer role. We look forward to learning more about you and we’ll be in touch if your skills and experiences are a match for this role.If you'd like to review your application status, please sign in to your account on our career site .In the meantime, we invite you to get to know our culture and our people.• Adobe Life blog - Hear from our employees themselves about their career experiences.• Best Places to Work Awards – There’s nothing more rewarding than recognition from our employees and the industry.• LinkedIn and Twitter – We’d love to stay in touch. Please follow us on LinkedIn and Twitter.Thanks,Adobe's Talent Acquisition TeamPrivacy is important to Adobe. Our Applicant Privacy Notice explains how we may use any personal data which you may submit as part of the job application process. This email was intended for james.thomas@gmail.com Adobe Systems Incorporated · 345 Park Ave. San Jose, CA 95110end-of-lineSender:do-not-reply adobe <adobe@myworkday.com>. Subject:Thanks for applying to Adobe. Mail:Dear John Smith ,We wanted to let you know that we received your application for the R141489 2024 Intern – IT Portfolio Planning & Operations role. We look forward to learning more about you and we’ll be in touch if your skills and experiences are a match for this role.If you'd like to review your application status, please sign in to your account on our career site .In the meantime, we invite you to get to know our culture and our people.• Adobe Life blog - Hear from our employees themselves about their career experiences.• Best Places to Work Awards – There’s nothing more rewarding than recognition from our employees and the industry.• LinkedIn and Twitter – We’d love to stay in touch. Please follow us on LinkedIn and Twitter.Thanks,Adobe's Talent Acquisition TeamPrivacy is important to Adobe. Our Applicant Privacy Notice explains how we may use any personal data which you may submit as part of the job application process. This email was intended for john.smith@gmail.com Adobe Systems Incorporated · 345 Park Ave. San Jose, CA 95110end-of-lineSender:do-not-reply adobe <adobe@myworkday.com>. Subject:Thanks for applying to Adobe. Mail:Dear James Moore ,We wanted to let you know that we received your application for the R139530 2024 AI/ML Intern - GenAI Research role. We look forward to learning more about you and we’ll be in touch if your skills and experiences are a match for this role.If you'd like to review your application status, please sign in to your account on our career site .In the meantime, we invite you to get to know our culture and our people.• Adobe Life blog - Hear from our employees themselves about their career experiences.• Best Places to Work Awards – There’s nothing more rewarding than recognition from our employees and the industry.• LinkedIn and Twitter – We’d love to stay in touch. Please follow us on LinkedIn and Twitter.Thanks,Adobe's Talent Acquisition TeamPrivacy is important to Adobe. Our Applicant Privacy Notice explains how we may use any personal data which you may submit as part of the job application process. This email was intended for james.moore@gmail.com Adobe Systems Incorporated · 345 Park Ave. San Jose, CA 95110end-of-lineSender:do-not-reply adobe <adobe@myworkday.com>. Subject:Thanks for applying to Adobe. Mail:Dear David Thompson ,We wanted to let you know that we received your application for the R139526 2024 AI/ML Intern - Applied Research role. We look forward to learning more about you and we’ll be in touch if your skills and experiences are a match for this role.If you'd like to review your application status, please sign in to your account on our career site .In the meantime, we invite you to get to know our culture and our people.• Adobe Life blog - Hear from our employees themselves about their career experiences.• Best Places to Work Awards – There’s nothing more rewarding than recognition from our employees and the industry.• LinkedIn and Twitter – We’d love to stay in touch. Please follow us on LinkedIn and Twitter.Thanks,Adobe's Talent Acquisition TeamPrivacy is important to Adobe. Our Applicant Privacy Notice explains how we may use any personal data which you may submit as part of the job application process. This email was intended for david.thompson@gmail.com Adobe Systems Incorporated · 345 Park Ave. San Jose, CA 95110end-of-lineSender:do-not-reply adobe <adobe@myworkday.com>. Subject:Thanks for applying to Adobe. Mail:Dear Joseph Thomas ,We wanted to let you know that we received your application for the R144056 2024 AI/ML Intern Machine Learning Engineer/Researcher role. We look forward to learning more about you and we’ll be in touch if your skills and experiences are a match for this role.If you'd like to review your application status, please sign in to your account on our career site .In the meantime, we invite you to get to know our culture and our people.• Adobe Life blog - Hear from our employees themselves about their career experiences.• Best Places to Work Awards – There’s nothing more rewarding than recognition from our employees and the industry.• LinkedIn and Twitter – We’d love to stay in touch. Please follow us on LinkedIn and Twitter.Thanks,Adobe's Talent Acquisition TeamPrivacy is important to Adobe. Our Applicant Privacy Notice explains how we may use any personal data which you may submit as part of the job application process. This email was intended for joseph.thomas@gmail.com Adobe Systems Incorporated · 345 Park Ave. San Jose, CA 95110end-of-lineSender:do-not-reply adobe <adobe@myworkday.com>. Subject:Thanks for applying to Adobe. Mail:Dear Kenneth Thompson ,We wanted to let you know that we received your application for the R141493 2024 Intern - Software Engineer role. We look forward to learning more about you and we’ll be in touch if your skills and experiences are a match for this role.If you'd like to review your application status, please sign in to your account on our career site .In the meantime, we invite you to get to know our culture and our people.• Adobe Life blog - Hear from our employees themselves about their career experiences.• Best Places to Work Awards – There’s nothing more rewarding than recognition from our employees and the industry.• LinkedIn and Twitter – We’d love to stay in touch. Please follow us on LinkedIn and Twitter.Thanks,Adobe's Talent Acquisition TeamPrivacy is important to Adobe. Our Applicant Privacy Notice explains how we may use any personal data which you may submit as part of the job application process. This email was intended for kenneth.thompson@gmail.com Adobe Systems Incorporated · 345 Park Ave. San Jose, CA 95110end-of-lineSender:do-not-reply adobe <adobe@myworkday.com>. Subject:Thanks for applying to Adobe. Mail:Dear Daniel Martin ,We wanted to let you know that we received your application for the R139227 2024 Intern - Software Development Engineer role. We look forward to learning more about you and we’ll be in touch if your skills and experiences are a match for this role.If you'd like to review your application status, please sign in to your account on our career site .In the meantime, we invite you to get to know our culture and our people.• Adobe Life blog - Hear from our employees themselves about their career experiences.• Best Places to Work Awards – There’s nothing more rewarding than recognition from our employees and the industry.• LinkedIn and Twitter – We’d love to stay in touch. Please follow us on LinkedIn and Twitter.Thanks,Adobe's Talent Acquisition TeamPrivacy is important to Adobe. Our Applicant Privacy Notice explains how we may use any personal data which you may submit as part of the job application process. This email was intended for daniel.martin@gmail.com Adobe Systems Incorporated · 345 Park Ave. San Jose, CA 95110end-of-lineSender:do-not-reply adobe <adobe@myworkday.com>. Subject:Thanks for applying to Adobe. Mail:Dear David Williams ,We wanted to let you know that we received your application for the R144058 2024 AI/ML Intern - Machine Learning Engineer/Researcher role. We look forward to learning more about you and we’ll be in touch if your skills and experiences are a match for this role.If you'd like to review your application status, please sign in to your account on our career site .In the meantime, we invite you to get to know our culture and our people.• Adobe Life blog - Hear from our employees themselves about their career experiences.• Best Places to Work Awards – There’s nothing more rewarding than recognition from our employees and the industry.• LinkedIn and Twitter – We’d love to stay in touch. Please follow us on LinkedIn and Twitter.Thanks,Adobe's Talent Acquisition TeamPrivacy is important to Adobe. Our Applicant Privacy Notice explains how we may use any personal data which you may submit as part of the job application process. This email was intended for david.williams@gmail.com Adobe Systems Incorporated · 345 Park Ave. San Jose, CA 95110end-of-lineSender:do-not-reply adobe <adobe@myworkday.com>. Subject:Thanks for applying to Adobe. Mail:Dear Donald Smith ,We wanted to let you know that we received your application for the R143797 2024 AI/ML Intern - Machine Learning Engineer/Researcher role. We look forward to learning more about you and we’ll be in touch if your skills and experiences are a match for this role.If you'd like to review your application status, please sign in to your account on our career site .In the meantime, we invite you to get to know our culture and our people.• Adobe Life blog - Hear from our employees themselves about their career experiences.• Best Places to Work Awards – There’s nothing more rewarding than recognition from our employees and the industry.• LinkedIn and Twitter – We’d love to stay in touch. Please follow us on LinkedIn and Twitter.Thanks,Adobe's Talent Acquisition TeamPrivacy is important to Adobe. Our Applicant Privacy Notice explains how we may use any personal data which you may submit as part of the job application process. This email was intended for donald.smith@gmail.com Adobe Systems Incorporated · 345 Park Ave. San Jose, CA 95110end-of-lineSender:no-reply@us.greenhouse-mail.io. Subject:Thank you for your application to Addepar. Mail:Hi Thomas, Thank you for applying to Addepar, we have received your application. We're excited about the possibility of working with you to help investment professionals provide the most informed, precise guidance for their clients.We will review your resume and be in touch if there is a potential fit. All the best, Addepar Recruiting Teamend-of-lineSender:no-reply@us.greenhouse-mail.io. Subject:Thank you for your application to Addepar. Mail:Hi James, Thank you for applying to Addepar, we have received your application. We're excited about the possibility of working with you to help investment professionals provide the most informed, precise guidance for their clients.We will review your resume and be in touch if there is a potential fit. All the best, Addepar Recruiting Teamend-of-lineSender:no-reply@us.greenhouse-mail.io. Subject:Thank you for your application to Addepar. Mail:Hi Joseph, Thank you for applying to Addepar, we have received your application. We're excited about the possibility of working with you to help investment professionals provide the most informed, precise guidance for their clients.We will review your resume and be in touch if there is a potential fit. All the best, Addepar Recruiting Teamend-of-lineSender:no-reply@us.greenhouse-mail.io. Subject:Thank you for your application to Addepar. Mail:Hi Christopher, Thank you for applying to Addepar, we have received your application. We're excited about the possibility of working with you to help investment professionals provide the most informed, precise guidance for their clients.We will review your resume and be in touch if there is a potential fit. All the best, Addepar Recruiting Teamend-of-lineSender:no-reply@us.greenhouse-mail.io. Subject:Thank you for your application to Addepar. Mail:Hi Thomas, Thank you for applying to Addepar, we have received your application. We're excited about the possibility of working with you to help investment professionals provide the most informed, precise guidance for their clients.We will review your resume and be in touch if there is a potential fit. All the best, Addepar Recruiting Teamend-of-lineSender:no-reply@us.greenhouse-mail.io. Subject:Thank you for your application to Addepar. Mail:Hi Kenneth, Thank you for applying to Addepar, we have received your application. We're excited about the possibility of working with you to help investment professionals provide the most informed, precise guidance for their clients.We will review your resume and be in touch if there is a potential fit. All the best, Addepar Recruiting Teamend-of-lineSender:no-reply@us.greenhouse-mail.io. Subject:Thank you for your application to Addepar. Mail:Hi Thomas, Thank you for applying to Addepar, we have received your application. We're excited about the possibility of working with you to help investment professionals provide the most informed, precise guidance for their clients.We will review your resume and be in touch if there is a potential fit. All the best, Addepar Recruiting Teamend-of-lineSender:no-reply@us.greenhouse-mail.io. Subject:Thank you for your application to Addepar. Mail:Hi Anthony, Thank you for applying to Addepar, we have received your application. We're excited about the possibility of working with you to help investment professionals provide the most informed, precise guidance for their clients.We will review your resume and be in touch if there is a potential fit. All the best, Addepar Recruiting Teamend-of-lineSender:no-reply@us.greenhouse-mail.io. Subject:Thank you for your application to Addepar. Mail:Hi Robert, Thank you for applying to Addepar, we have received your application. We're excited about the possibility of working with you to help investment professionals provide the most informed, precise guidance for their clients.We will review your resume and be in touch if there is a potential fit. All the best, Addepar Recruiting Teamend-of-lineSender:no-reply@us.greenhouse-mail.io. Subject:Thank you for your application to Addepar. Mail:Hi Daniel, Thank you for applying to Addepar, we have received your application. We're excited about the possibility of working with you to help investment professionals provide the most informed, precise guidance for their clients.We will review your resume and be in touch if there is a potential fit. All the best, Addepar Recruiting Teamend-of-lineSender:do-not-reply adobe <adobe@myworkday.com>. Subject:Thanks for applying to Adobe. Mail:Dear Daniel Jones ,We wanted to let you know that we received your application for the R143796 2024 AI/ML Intern - Machine Learning Engineer/Researcher role. We look forward to learning more about you and we’ll be in touch if your skills and experiences are a match for this role.If you'd like to review your application status, please sign in to your account on our career site .In the meantime, we invite you to get to know our culture and our people.• Adobe Life blog - Hear from our employees themselves about their career experiences.• Best Places to Work Awards – There’s nothing more rewarding than recognition from our employees and the industry.• LinkedIn and Twitter – We’d love to stay in touch. Please follow us on LinkedIn and Twitter.Thanks,Adobe's Talent Acquisition TeamPrivacy is important to Adobe. Our Applicant Privacy Notice explains how we may use any personal data which you may submit as part of the job application process. This email was intended for daniel.jones@gmail.com Adobe Systems Incorporated · 345 Park Ave. San Jose, CA 95110end-of-lineSender:do-not-reply adobe <adobe@myworkday.com>. Subject:Thanks for applying to Adobe. Mail:Dear Michael Wilson ,We wanted to let you know that we received your application for the R143049 2024 AI/ML Intern - Machine Learning Engineer/Researcher role. We look forward to learning more about you and we’ll be in touch if your skills and experiences are a match for this role.If you'd like to review your application status, please sign in to your account on our career site .In the meantime, we invite you to get to know our culture and our people.• Adobe Life blog - Hear from our employees themselves about their career experiences.• Best Places to Work Awards – There’s nothing more rewarding than recognition from our employees and the industry.• LinkedIn and Twitter – We’d love to stay in touch. Please follow us on LinkedIn and Twitter.Thanks,Adobe's Talent Acquisition TeamPrivacy is important to Adobe. Our Applicant Privacy Notice explains how we may use any personal data which you may submit as part of the job application process. This email was intended for michael.wilson@gmail.com Adobe Systems Incorporated · 345 Park Ave. San Jose, CA 95110end-of-lineSender:do-not-reply adobe <adobe@myworkday.com>. Subject:Thanks for applying to Adobe. Mail:Dear David Thomas ,We wanted to let you know that we received your application for the R139228 2024 Intern - Software Development Engineer role. We look forward to learning more about you and we’ll be in touch if your skills and experiences are a match for this role.If you'd like to review your application status, please sign in to your account on our career site .In the meantime, we invite you to get to know our culture and our people.• Adobe Life blog - Hear from our employees themselves about their career experiences.• Best Places to Work Awards – There’s nothing more rewarding than recognition from our employees and the industry.• LinkedIn and Twitter – We’d love to stay in touch. Please follow us on LinkedIn and Twitter.Thanks,Adobe's Talent Acquisition TeamPrivacy is important to Adobe. Our Applicant Privacy Notice explains how we may use any personal data which you may submit as part of the job application process. This email was intended for david.thomas@gmail.com Adobe Systems Incorporated · 345 Park Ave. San Jose, CA 95110end-of-lineSender:do-not-reply adobe <adobe@myworkday.com>. Subject:Thanks for applying to Adobe. Mail:Dear Joseph White ,We wanted to let you know that we received your application for the R139226 2024 Intern - Software Development Engineer role. We look forward to learning more about you and we’ll be in touch if your skills and experiences are a match for this role.If you'd like to review your application status, please sign in to your account on our career site .In the meantime, we invite you to get to know our culture and our people.• Adobe Life blog - Hear from our employees themselves about their career experiences.• Best Places to Work Awards – There’s nothing more rewarding than recognition from our employees and the industry.• LinkedIn and Twitter – We’d love to stay in touch. Please follow us on LinkedIn and Twitter.Thanks,Adobe's Talent Acquisition TeamPrivacy is important to Adobe. Our Applicant Privacy Notice explains how we may use any personal data which you may submit as part of the job application process. This email was intended for joseph.white@gmail.com Adobe Systems Incorporated · 345 Park Ave. San Jose, CA 95110end-of-lineSender:do-not-reply adobe <adobe@myworkday.com>. Subject:Thanks for applying to Adobe. Mail:Dear David Anderson ,We wanted to let you know that we received your application for the R141481 2024 Intern - Software Engineer role. We look forward to learning more about you and we’ll be in touch if your skills and experiences are a match for this role.If you'd like to review your application status, please sign in to your account on our career site .In the meantime, we invite you to get to know our culture and our people.• Adobe Life blog - Hear from our employees themselves about their career experiences.• Best Places to Work Awards – There’s nothing more rewarding than recognition from our employees and the industry.• LinkedIn and Twitter – We’d love to stay in touch. Please follow us on LinkedIn and Twitter.Thanks,Adobe's Talent Acquisition TeamPrivacy is important to Adobe. Our Applicant Privacy Notice explains how we may use any personal data which you may submit as part of the job application process. This email was intended for david.anderson@gmail.com Adobe Systems Incorporated · 345 Park Ave. San Jose, CA 95110end-of-lineSender:"SonyWorkdayDoNotReply@sony.com" <sonyglobal@myworkday.com>. Subject:Thank you for your application. Mail:Hello Paul, We are delighted to have received your application for the opportunity to become AI/ML Computer Graphics and Robotics for 3D Animation Research Intern with us. We are looking forward to supporting you on your journey with us.We will carefully inspect your experience and qualifications and get back to you with next steps or to ask you for any further information.Sincerely,Talent & Resourcing Team This email was intended for paul.johnson@gmail.com SonyWorkdayDoNotReply@sony.com · SonyWorkdayDoNotReply@sony.comend-of-lineSender:"SonyWorkdayDoNotReply@sony.com" <sonyglobal@myworkday.com>. Subject:Thank you for your application. Mail:Hello Michael, We are delighted to have received your application for the opportunity to become Software Development Intern with us. We are looking forward to supporting you on your journey with us.We will carefully inspect your experience and qualifications and get back to you with next steps or to ask you for any further information.Sincerely,Talent & Resourcing Team This email was intended for michael.martinez@gmail.com SonyWorkdayDoNotReply@sony.com · SonyWorkdayDoNotReply@sony.comend-of-lineSender:"SonyWorkdayDoNotReply@sony.com" <sonyglobal@myworkday.com>. Subject:Thank you for your application. Mail:Hello David, We are delighted to have received your application for the opportunity to become Intern - Embedded Software Engineer with us. We are looking forward to supporting you on your journey with us.We will carefully inspect your experience and qualifications and get back to you with next steps or to ask you for any further information.Sincerely,Talent & Resourcing Team This email was intended for david.harris@gmail.com SonyWorkdayDoNotReply@sony.com · SonyWorkdayDoNotReply@sony.comend-of-lineSender:donotreply_Leidos_HR workday <leidos@myworkday.com>. Subject:Thank You for Your Interest in Leidos. Mail:Dear James:Thank you for your interest in our DevOps Intern. At this time, the hiring team has decided to move forward in a different direction for this position. The most common reasons we don't move forward with a particular candidate are related to specific experience, specific education, clearance level, years of experience, or inability to legally work in the US without sponsorship, or the position has been filled or cancelled. Please continue to visit our Career Opportunities website for other opportunities with Leidos.Here are some resources to help you with your job search:- Learn more about Leidos- How to land a cleared job - whether you have a clearance or not- Leidos Benefit Offerings- Leidos Salary Information- All available jobs are posted on Leidos Careers. You can filter your search by keywords, location, clearance, telework and more.We appreciate your interest in Leidos and wish you every success in the pursuit of your future career goals. Best Regards,The Talent Acquisition Team at LeidosPlease note: Replies to this automatically-generated message are undeliverable. This email was intended for james.robinson@gmail.comend-of-lineSender:no-reply@us.greenhouse-mail.io. Subject:Thank you for applying to Typeface Careers. Mail:Robert, Thank you for taking the time to apply at Typeface Careers. Your application has been received and we will review it right away. If your application seems like a good fit for the position, we will contact you soon! Regards,Typeface Careers ** Please note: Do not reply to this email. This email is sent from an unattended mailbox. Replies will not be read.end-of-lineSender:donotreply_Leidos_HR workday <leidos@myworkday.com>. Subject:Leidos -Thank You For Applying to Data Scientist Intern. Mail:Dear William, Thank you for your interest in working with us at Leidos!Your application for the position of Data Scientist Intern is being reviewed and a recruiter will reach out if we are moving forward with your application. In the meantime, you can also see the status of your application on your Workday Home Account by logging in to Workday. This will also allow you to apply to additional opportunities.Here are some resources to help you with your job search:- Learn more about Leidos- How to land a cleared job - whether you have a clearance or not- Leidos Benefit Offerings- Leidos Salary Information- All available jobs are posted on careers.leidos.com. You can filter your search by keywords, location, clearance, telework and more.We look forward to exploring future Leidos opportunities with you!Thank you,Leidos Talent Acquisitioncareers.leidos.comPlease note: Replies to this automatically-generated message are undeliverable. This email was intended for william.harris@gmail.comend-of-lineSender:donotreply_Leidos_HR workday <leidos@myworkday.com>. Subject:Leidos -Thank You For Applying to Robotics Engineer Intern. Mail:Dear Michael, Thank you for your interest in working with us at Leidos!Your application for the position of Robotics Engineer Intern is being reviewed and a recruiter will reach out if we are moving forward with your application. In the meantime, you can also see the status of your application on your Workday Home Account by logging in to Workday. This will also allow you to apply to additional opportunities.Here are some resources to help you with your job search:- Learn more about Leidos- How to land a cleared job - whether you have a clearance or not- Leidos Benefit Offerings- Leidos Salary Information- All available jobs are posted on careers.leidos.com. You can filter your search by keywords, location, clearance, telework and more.We look forward to exploring future Leidos opportunities with you!Thank you,Leidos Talent Acquisitioncareers.leidos.comPlease note: Replies to this automatically-generated message are undeliverable. This email was intended for michael.jones@gmail.comend-of-lineSender:donotreply_Leidos_HR workday <leidos@myworkday.com>. Subject:Leidos -Thank You For Applying to DevOps Intern. Mail:Dear Donald, Thank you for your interest in working with us at Leidos!Your application for the position of DevOps Intern is being reviewed and a recruiter will reach out if we are moving forward with your application. In the meantime, you can also see the status of your application on your Workday Home Account by logging in to Workday. This will also allow you to apply to additional opportunities.Here are some resources to help you with your job search:- Learn more about Leidos- How to land a cleared job - whether you have a clearance or not- Leidos Benefit Offerings- Leidos Salary Information- All available jobs are posted on careers.leidos.com. You can filter your search by keywords, location, clearance, telework and more.We look forward to exploring future Leidos opportunities with you!Thank you,Leidos Talent Acquisitioncareers.leidos.comPlease note: Replies to this automatically-generated message are undeliverable. This email was intended for donald.jones@gmail.comend-of-lineSender:caci@myworkday.com. Subject:Thank you for your interest in the Software Development Intern – Summer 2024 position at CACI. Mail:Hello John ,Thank you for your interest in the 293262 Software Development Intern – Summer 2024 position at CACI. Your interest is genuinely appreciated. After careful consideration, we regret to inform you that you have not been selected for this position. We encourage you to continue to review and apply for other opportunities at CACI by visiting our career site at https://careers.caci.com.Thank you again for your interest in CACI. We wish you the best of luck on your search.Best Regards,CACI Talent Acquisition TeamClick Here to View Career Site This email was intended for john.anderson@gmail.comend-of-lineSender:caci@myworkday.com. Subject:Thank you for Applying to CACI. Mail:Hello Thomas We have received your application for the position of 291745 Cyber Security Intern – Summer 2024 . At CACI, we believe our strongest asset is our people and our employees are what make CACI a unique place to work.Your application will be reviewed by a member of our recruiting team and a recruiter will contact you if you are a potential match for the position in which you applied.To access your candidate profile, visit Candidate Home and log in by selecting "Sign In". If you have not yet created an account, please select Create Account. Use this email address to create your account and link to your application. Once logged in, you can view this application and future applications by selecting "Candidate Home" in the top right corner of the site.We thank you for your interest in CACI! Please feel free to continue to visit the CACI Career Site to review all of our opportunities.Best Regards,CACI Talent Acquisition Team Candidate Homepage This email was intended for thomas.harris@gmail.comend-of-lineSender:caci@myworkday.com. Subject:Thank you for Applying to CACI. Mail:Hello Mark We have received your application for the position of 292114 Junior Software Developer Intern - Summer 2024 . At CACI, we believe our strongest asset is our people and our employees are what make CACI a unique place to work.Your application will be reviewed by a member of our recruiting team and a recruiter will contact you if you are a potential match for the position in which you applied.To access your candidate profile, visit Candidate Home and log in by selecting "Sign In". If you have not yet created an account, please select Create Account. Use this email address to create your account and link to your application. Once logged in, you can view this application and future applications by selecting "Candidate Home" in the top right corner of the site.We thank you for your interest in CACI! Please feel free to continue to visit the CACI Career Site to review all of our opportunities.Best Regards,CACI Talent Acquisition Team Candidate Homepage This email was intended for mark.davis@gmail.comend-of-lineSender:caci@myworkday.com. Subject:Thank you for Applying to CACI. Mail:Hello Mark We have received your application for the position of 292042 Software Development/Engineering Intern – Summer 2024 . At CACI, we believe our strongest asset is our people and our employees are what make CACI a unique place to work.Your application will be reviewed by a member of our recruiting team and a recruiter will contact you if you are a potential match for the position in which you applied.To access your candidate profile, visit Candidate Home and log in by selecting "Sign In". If you have not yet created an account, please select Create Account. Use this email address to create your account and link to your application. Once logged in, you can view this application and future applications by selecting "Candidate Home" in the top right corner of the site.We thank you for your interest in CACI! Please feel free to continue to visit the CACI Career Site to review all of our opportunities.Best Regards,CACI Talent Acquisition Team Candidate Homepage This email was intended for mark.miller@gmail.comend-of-lineSender:caci@myworkday.com. Subject:Thank you for Applying to CACI. Mail:Hello Daniel We have received your application for the position of 292723 Uav Swarm Development Intern – Summer 2024 . At CACI, we believe our strongest asset is our people and our employees are what make CACI a unique place to work.Your application will be reviewed by a member of our recruiting team and a recruiter will contact you if you are a potential match for the position in which you applied.To access your candidate profile, visit Candidate Home and log in by selecting "Sign In". If you have not yet created an account, please select Create Account. Use this email address to create your account and link to your application. Once logged in, you can view this application and future applications by selecting "Candidate Home" in the top right corner of the site.We thank you for your interest in CACI! Please feel free to continue to visit the CACI Career Site to review all of our opportunities.Best Regards,CACI Talent Acquisition Team Candidate Homepage This email was intended for daniel.moore@gmail.comend-of-lineSender:caci@myworkday.com. Subject:Thank you for Applying to CACI. Mail:Hello Richard We have received your application for the position of 292742 Software Engineer Intern – Summer 2024 . At CACI, we believe our strongest asset is our people and our employees are what make CACI a unique place to work.Your application will be reviewed by a member of our recruiting team and a recruiter will contact you if you are a potential match for the position in which you applied.To access your candidate profile, visit Candidate Home and log in by selecting "Sign In". If you have not yet created an account, please select Create Account. Use this email address to create your account and link to your application. Once logged in, you can view this application and future applications by selecting "Candidate Home" in the top right corner of the site.We thank you for your interest in CACI! Please feel free to continue to visit the CACI Career Site to review all of our opportunities.Best Regards,CACI Talent Acquisition Team Candidate Homepage This email was intended for richard.wilson@gmail.comend-of-lineSender:caci@myworkday.com. Subject:Thank you for Applying to CACI. Mail:Hello Thomas We have received your application for the position of 290621 R&D Intern – Summer 2024 . At CACI, we believe our strongest asset is our people and our employees are what make CACI a unique place to work.Your application will be reviewed by a member of our recruiting team and a recruiter will contact you if you are a potential match for the position in which you applied.To access your candidate profile, visit Candidate Home and log in by selecting "Sign In". If you have not yet created an account, please select Create Account. Use this email address to create your account and link to your application. Once logged in, you can view this application and future applications by selecting "Candidate Home" in the top right corner of the site.We thank you for your interest in CACI! Please feel free to continue to visit the CACI Career Site to review all of our opportunities.Best Regards,CACI Talent Acquisition Team Candidate Homepage This email was intended for thomas.robinson@gmail.comend-of-lineSender:caci@myworkday.com. Subject:Thank you for Applying to CACI. Mail:Hello Kenneth We have received your application for the position of 288747 Junior Software Developer Internship – Summer 2024 . At CACI, we believe our strongest asset is our people and our employees are what make CACI a unique place to work.Your application will be reviewed by a member of our recruiting team and a recruiter will contact you if you are a potential match for the position in which you applied.To access your candidate profile, visit Candidate Home and log in by selecting "Sign In". If you have not yet created an account, please select Create Account. Use this email address to create your account and link to your application. Once logged in, you can view this application and future applications by selecting "Candidate Home" in the top right corner of the site.We thank you for your interest in CACI! Please feel free to continue to visit the CACI Career Site to review all of our opportunities.Best Regards,CACI Talent Acquisition Team Candidate Homepage This email was intended for kenneth.jones@gmail.comend-of-lineSender:caci@myworkday.com. Subject:Thank you for Applying to CACI. Mail:Hello James We have received your application for the position of 289312 Cyber Engineering Intern - Summer 2024 . At CACI, we believe our strongest asset is our people and our employees are what make CACI a unique place to work.Your application will be reviewed by a member of our recruiting team and a recruiter will contact you if you are a potential match for the position in which you applied.To access your candidate profile, visit Candidate Home and log in by selecting "Sign In". If you have not yet created an account, please select Create Account. Use this email address to create your account and link to your application. Once logged in, you can view this application and future applications by selecting "Candidate Home" in the top right corner of the site.We thank you for your interest in CACI! Please feel free to continue to visit the CACI Career Site to review all of our opportunities.Best Regards,CACI Talent Acquisition Team Candidate Homepage This email was intended for james.martin@gmail.comend-of-lineSender:caci@myworkday.com. Subject:Thank you for Applying to CACI. Mail:Hello Kenneth We have received your application for the position of 293104 Cyber Engineering Intern - Summer 2024 . At CACI, we believe our strongest asset is our people and our employees are what make CACI a unique place to work.Your application will be reviewed by a member of our recruiting team and a recruiter will contact you if you are a potential match for the position in which you applied.To access your candidate profile, visit Candidate Home and log in by selecting "Sign In". If you have not yet created an account, please select Create Account. Use this email address to create your account and link to your application. Once logged in, you can view this application and future applications by selecting "Candidate Home" in the top right corner of the site.We thank you for your interest in CACI! Please feel free to continue to visit the CACI Career Site to review all of our opportunities.Best Regards,CACI Talent Acquisition Team Candidate Homepage This email was intended for kenneth.moore@gmail.comend-of-lineSender:caci@myworkday.com. Subject:Thank you for Applying to CACI. Mail:Hello Mark We have received your application for the position of 293222 Computer Science Intern – Summer 2024 . At CACI, we believe our strongest asset is our people and our employees are what make CACI a unique place to work.Your application will be reviewed by a member of our recruiting team and a recruiter will contact you if you are a potential match for the position in which you applied.To access your candidate profile, visit Candidate Home and log in by selecting "Sign In". If you have not yet created an account, please select Create Account. Use this email address to create your account and link to your application. Once logged in, you can view this application and future applications by selecting "Candidate Home" in the top right corner of the site.We thank you for your interest in CACI! Please feel free to continue to visit the CACI Career Site to review all of our opportunities.Best Regards,CACI Talent Acquisition Team Candidate Homepage This email was intended for mark.thomas@gmail.comend-of-lineSender:caci@myworkday.com. Subject:Thank you for Applying to CACI. Mail:Hello Thomas We have received your application for the position of 293262 Software Development Intern – Summer 2024 . At CACI, we believe our strongest asset is our people and our employees are what make CACI a unique place to work.Your application will be reviewed by a member of our recruiting team and a recruiter will contact you if you are a potential match for the position in which you applied.To access your candidate profile, visit Candidate Home and log in by selecting "Sign In". If you have not yet created an account, please select Create Account. Use this email address to create your account and link to your application. Once logged in, you can view this application and future applications by selecting "Candidate Home" in the top right corner of the site.We thank you for your interest in CACI! Please feel free to continue to visit the CACI Career Site to review all of our opportunities.Best Regards,CACI Talent Acquisition Team Candidate Homepage This email was intended for thomas.johnson@gmail.comend-of-lineSender:"SonyWorkdayDoNotReply@sony.com" <sonyglobal@myworkday.com>. Subject:Thank you for your application. Mail:Hello Christopher, We are delighted to have received your application for the opportunity to become Intern, Cybersecurity with us. We are looking forward to supporting you on your journey with us.We will carefully inspect your experience and qualifications and get back to you with next steps or to ask you for any further information.Sincerely,Talent & Resourcing Team This email was intended for christopher.harris@gmail.com SonyWorkdayDoNotReply@sony.com · SonyWorkdayDoNotReply@sony.comend-of-lineSender:"SonyWorkdayDoNotReply@sony.com" <sonyglobal@myworkday.com>. Subject:Thank you for your application. Mail:Hello Daniel, We are delighted to have received your application for the opportunity to become AI/ML Vision & Language Research Intern with us. We are looking forward to supporting you on your journey with us.We will carefully inspect your experience and qualifications and get back to you with next steps or to ask you for any further information.Sincerely,Talent & Resourcing Team This email was intended for daniel.johnson@gmail.com SonyWorkdayDoNotReply@sony.com · SonyWorkdayDoNotReply@sony.comend-of-lineSender:workday@tencentoverseas.onmicrosoft.com. Subject:Thank you for applying to Tencent!. Mail:Dear Paul, Thank you for applying to Tencent! Your application has been received and will be reviewed promptly.If your application shows that you are a strong fit for the position, we will contact you soon.Best Regards,International Talent Acquisition, Tencent Tencent LinkedIn｜Tencent Careers * Please note: Do not reply to this email. This email is sent from an unattended mailbox. Replies will not be read. This email box is not monitored. Please do not reply to this message. This email was intended for paul.martin@gmail.comend-of-lineSender:workday@tencentoverseas.onmicrosoft.com. Subject:Thank you for applying to Tencent!. Mail:Dear David, Thank you for applying to Tencent! Your application has been received and will be reviewed promptly.If your application shows that you are a strong fit for the position, we will contact you soon.Best Regards,International Talent Acquisition, Tencent Tencent LinkedIn｜Tencent Careers * Please note: Do not reply to this email. This email is sent from an unattended mailbox. Replies will not be read. This email box is not monitored. Please do not reply to this message. This email was intended for david.harris@gmail.comend-of-lineSender:workday@tencentoverseas.onmicrosoft.com. Subject:Thank you for applying to Tencent!. Mail:Dear William, Thank you for applying to Tencent! Your application has been received and will be reviewed promptly.If your application shows that you are a strong fit for the position, we will contact you soon.Best Regards,International Talent Acquisition, Tencent Tencent LinkedIn｜Tencent Careers * Please note: Do not reply to this email. This email is sent from an unattended mailbox. Replies will not be read. This email box is not monitored. Please do not reply to this message. This email was intended for william.williams@gmail.comend-of-lineSender:"Workday@Yahoo" <ouryahoo@myworkday.com>. Subject:Thank you for exploring careers at Yahoo!. Mail:Joseph ,Thank you for your interest in the Yahoo Summer Intern (US) - Sports, Finance, Mail & More! role at Yahoo.At this time, the hiring team has decided to move forward with another candidate.However, we will be in touch should your qualifications be a good fit for other opportunities.In the meantime, please continue to explore other roles at Yahoo.Yahoo Recruiting Team This email was distributed by the People Team. This message has been system-generated. Please do not reply to it. This email was intended for joseph.wilson@gmail.comend-of-lineSender:Applied Materials Careers <careers@hiring.amat.com>. Subject:Application Received: Thank you, Robert, for your interest in Applied Materials.. Mail:Hello Robert, We are writing to confirm the receipt of your application for the 2024 Summer Embedded Firmware Co-Op (Rochester, NY) at Applied Materials. We appreciate your interest in joining our team. Our dedicated team is currently in the process of reviewing applications and we will keep you informed of any updates regarding your application status.Please continue to monitor your application status for the latest information. We appreciate your interest in joining the Applied Materials Team.Best Regards, Applied Materials TA Teamend-of-lineSender:"Workday @ Intel Notification" <intel@myworkday.com>. Subject:Thank you for your interest in Intel. Mail:Dear Donald ,Thank you very much for your interest in a career at Intel! We have received your direct submission or referral for the following position: Position: Offensive Security Researcher - Undergraduate Intern Job Number: JR0257781 Application Date: 2024 Feb 07 There were several applications submitted for this position, and after careful review, unfortunately, we havedecided to pursue a different candidate whose experience and skills more closely meet the needs of this particular role.Competition for jobs at Intel is always strong and we often have to make difficult choices between many high-caliber candidates.Now that we have your information in our database, we will definitely reach out again with future openings for which you qualify.We hope you will keep us in mind, too, and apply again in the future.Thank you very much for considering a career at Intel. We know there are lots of companies out there to choose from and we greatlyappreciate your interest.Kind regards,Intel Talent Acquisition teamVisit www.intel.com/jobs for job postings, hiring advice and tipsJOB_2.1MINREV Your privacy matters to Intel and we comply with applicable data protection laws. We collect and maintain personal data for recruitmentrelated activities and your data will not be used for any other purpose. Intel will retain your data in accordance with the applicable countrylaws. We do not share your personal information with third parties.Please view our Privacy Policy for more information Note: This mailbox is not monitored. Please do not respond to this email address. This email was intended for donald.wilson@gmail.comend-of-lineSender:Wisk Aero <no-reply@hire.lever.co>. Subject:Thank you for your application to Wisk Aero. Mail:Hi Michael, Thank you for your interest in Wisk Aero! We wanted to let you know we received your application for Software Intern, and we are delighted that you would consider joining our team. Our team will review your application and will be in touch if your qualifications match our needs for the role. If you are not selected for this position, keep an eye on our jobs page as we're growing and adding openings. Best, The Wisk Aero Teamend-of-lineSender:Wisk Aero <no-reply@hire.lever.co>. Subject:Thank you for your application to Wisk Aero. Mail:Hi Thomas, Thank you for your interest in Wisk Aero! We wanted to let you know we received your application for Software Development Intern, and we are delighted that you would consider joining our team. Our team will review your application and will be in touch if your qualifications match our needs for the role. If you are not selected for this position, keep an eye on our jobs page as we're growing and adding openings. Best, The Wisk Aero Teamend-of-lineSender:Wisk Aero <no-reply@hire.lever.co>. Subject:Thank you for your application to Wisk Aero. Mail:Hi Michael, Thank you for your interest in Wisk Aero! We wanted to let you know we received your application for Simulation Software Intern, and we are delighted that you would consider joining our team. Our team will review your application and will be in touch if your qualifications match our needs for the role. If you are not selected for this position, keep an eye on our jobs page as we're growing and adding openings. Best, The Wisk Aero Teamend-of-lineSender:Wisk Aero <no-reply@hire.lever.co>. Subject:Thank you for your application to Wisk Aero. Mail:Hi Michael, Thank you for your interest in Wisk Aero! We wanted to let you know we received your application for Simulation Software Engineer Intern, and we are delighted that you would consider joining our team. Our team will review your application and will be in touch if your qualifications match our needs for the role. If you are not selected for this position, keep an eye on our jobs page as we're growing and adding openings. Best, The Wisk Aero Teamend-of-lineSender:Wisk Aero <no-reply@hire.lever.co>. Subject:Thank you for your application to Wisk Aero. Mail:Hi Mark, Thank you for your interest in Wisk Aero! We wanted to let you know we received your application for Product Intelligence & Data Science Intern, and we are delighted that you would consider joining our team. Our team will review your application and will be in touch if your qualifications match our needs for the role. If you are not selected for this position, keep an eye on our jobs page as we're growing and adding openings. Best, The Wisk Aero Teamend-of-lineSender:Wisk Aero <no-reply@hire.lever.co>. Subject:Thank you for your application to Wisk Aero. Mail:Hi Paul, Thank you for your interest in Wisk Aero! We wanted to let you know we received your application for Navigation System Engineering Intern, and we are delighted that you would consider joining our team. Our team will review your application and will be in touch if your qualifications match our needs for the role. If you are not selected for this position, keep an eye on our jobs page as we're growing and adding openings. Best, The Wisk Aero Teamend-of-lineSender:Wisk Aero <no-reply@hire.lever.co>. Subject:Thank you for your application to Wisk Aero. Mail:Hi Charles, Thank you for your interest in Wisk Aero! We wanted to let you know we received your application for Information Technology Intern, and we are delighted that you would consider joining our team. Our team will review your application and will be in touch if your qualifications match our needs for the role. If you are not selected for this position, keep an eye on our jobs page as we're growing and adding openings. Best, The Wisk Aero Teamend-of-lineSender:Wisk Aero <no-reply@hire.lever.co>. Subject:Thank you for your application to Wisk Aero. Mail:Hi Mark, Thank you for your interest in Wisk Aero! We wanted to let you know we received your application for Flight Test Engineering Software Intern, and we are delighted that you would consider joining our team. Our team will review your application and will be in touch if your qualifications match our needs for the role. If you are not selected for this position, keep an eye on our jobs page as we're growing and adding openings. Best, The Wisk Aero Teamend-of-lineSender:Wisk Aero <no-reply@hire.lever.co>. Subject:Thank you for your application to Wisk Aero. Mail:Hi Donald, Thank you for your interest in Wisk Aero! We wanted to let you know we received your application for DevOps Intern, and we are delighted that you would consider joining our team. Our team will review your application and will be in touch if your qualifications match our needs for the role. If you are not selected for this position, keep an eye on our jobs page as we're growing and adding openings. Best, The Wisk Aero Teamend-of-lineSender:Wisk Aero <no-reply@hire.lever.co>. Subject:Thank you for your application to Wisk Aero. Mail:Hi Steven, Thank you for your interest in Wisk Aero! We wanted to let you know we received your application for BMS Software Engineering Intern, and we are delighted that you would consider joining our team. Our team will review your application and will be in touch if your qualifications match our needs for the role. If you are not selected for this position, keep an eye on our jobs page as we're growing and adding openings. Best, The Wisk Aero Teamend-of-lineSender:Western Digital Hiring Team <notifications@smartrecruiters.com>. Subject:Thank you for your interest in Western Digital. Mail:​​​​​​​​​​Dear Christopher, Thank you for your interest in the Summer 2024 Intern, Data Science position at Western Digital. While your skills and background are impressive, we have decided to proceed with other applicants who more closely fit our needs at this time. We appreciate your time and effort in submitting an application. We encourage you to apply for other positions at Western Digital in the future. Again, thank you for your interest in a position with Western Digital and we wish you success in your job search and future career. Sincerely, Western Digital Team Sent via SmartRecruiters, your hiring success platform. Learn more about our company and policies here.end-of-lineSender:no-reply@us.greenhouse-mail.io. Subject:Thank you for your interest in Jobber. Mail:Hi Robert,Thank you for your interest in the Software Engineering Intern - 8 or 12 months (Summer 2024) role at Jobber. We know that there are many great companies to choose from and we're grateful for the effort that you have put into your application–it hasn’t gone unnoticed!We have received an overwhelming response to this position and we are humbled that so many talented individuals (like yourself!) have shown interest in joining our team. This volume of responses makes for a highly competitive selection process, and as a result, we regret to inform you that we have decided to pursue other candidates that may be a better fit for the position, which we hope you can understand.We sincerely appreciate your interest in Jobber and hope that you’ll stay in touch. We’re continuing to grow and we encourage you to apply again in the future, should you come across another open role that catches your interest.Wishing you the best in your job search ahead!The Jobber Talent Attraction Teamend-of-lineSender:no-reply@us.greenhouse-mail.io. Subject:Thank you for your interest in Jobber. Mail:Hi William,Thank you for your interest in the Software Engineering Intern - 8 or 12 months (Summer 2024) role at Jobber. We know that there are many great companies to choose from and we're grateful for the effort that you have put into your application–it hasn’t gone unnoticed!We have received an overwhelming response to this position and we are humbled that so many talented individuals (like yourself!) have shown interest in joining our team. This volume of responses makes for a highly competitive selection process, and as a result, we regret to inform you that we have decided to pursue other candidates that may be a better fit for the position, which we hope you can understand.We sincerely appreciate your interest in Jobber and hope that you’ll stay in touch. We’re continuing to grow and we encourage you to apply again in the future, should you come across another open role that catches your interest.Wishing you the best in your job search ahead!The Jobber Talent Attraction Teamend-of-lineSender:crowdstrike@myworkday.com. Subject:CrowdStrike Job Application Confirmation. Mail:Dear Steven, We have received your job application for Internal Audit Intern (Remote) and are delighted that you are ready to build a career you're proud of.What happens next?We'll review your job application and contact you if there is a good match.If you are not offered an opportunity at this time, we may keep your information on file to evaluate you for other positions. To learn about our data use practices or how to contact us, visit our privacy statement: https://www.crowdstrike.com/privacy-notice/Thanks again for your interest in CrowdStrike, and we wish you success in your job search!Sincerely,The CrowdStrike Talent Acquisition Team This email was intended for steven.thomas@gmail.com Breaches Stop Here. · CrowdStrikeend-of-lineSender:elevancehealth@myworkday.com. Subject:Thank you for your application.. Mail:Hello Steven , Thank you for your interest in a career with us. We have successfully received your application for Data Analytics Internship - Undergrad, Summer 2024 - JR105154 . If your skills and experience are a good match for the requirements of the position, a recruiter will be in touch with next steps. Thank you, Elevance Health Talent Acquisition Team Elevance Health is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, citizenship status, color, creed, disability, ethnicity, genetic information, gender (including gender identity and gender expression), marital status, national origin, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, veteran status or any other status or condition protected by applicable federal, state, or local laws. This email box is not monitored. Please do not reply to this message. This email was intended for steven.harris@gmail.com Elevance Health · Corporate Headquarters - 220 Virginia Ave Indianapolis, Indiana 46204end-of-lineSender:elevancehealth@myworkday.com. Subject:Thank you for your application.. Mail:Hello Christopher , Thank you for your interest in a career with us. We have successfully received your application for Data Analyst Internship - Summer 2024, Undergrad - JR104829 . If your skills and experience are a good match for the requirements of the position, a recruiter will be in touch with next steps. Thank you, Elevance Health Talent Acquisition Team Elevance Health is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, citizenship status, color, creed, disability, ethnicity, genetic information, gender (including gender identity and gender expression), marital status, national origin, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, veteran status or any other status or condition protected by applicable federal, state, or local laws. This email box is not monitored. Please do not reply to this message. This email was intended for christopher.thompson@gmail.com Elevance Health · Corporate Headquarters - 220 Virginia Ave Indianapolis, Indiana 46204end-of-lineSender:do-not-reply gen <gen@myworkday.com>. Subject:Thank you for applying at Gen- Site Reliability Engineer (DevOps) Intern. Mail:Thank you, David, for expressing interest in our organization. We have successfully received your submission to the following position: 53066 - Site Reliability Engineer (DevOps) Intern Thank You,The Talent Acquisition Team This email was intended for david.jackson@gmail.comend-of-lineSender:no-reply@us.greenhouse-mail.io. Subject:Thank you for applying to HubSpot. Mail:Hi KELVIN! We've received your application for the HubSpot Software Engineer Fall Co-op Program (USA) position at HubSpot. Thank you for your interest in joining the HubSpot team! We’ll review your information and if your background looks like a match, we’ll reach out to schedule the next steps. Due to the holiday season, it may take us longer than 10 days to respond to your application. We appreciate your patience, and hope you have a wonderful start to the new year! While we review your application, please know that we will not share your application information with anyone outside the HubSpot team except where necessary to assist us in assessing your candidacy throughout the recruitment process. That means your data may be assessed in the United States by our team in Cambridge. We may keep the information you submitted for up to three years, and use it to keep you informed of other opportunities that might be a good fit for you. If you would like to know more about how we use your personal data please review our Recruiting Privacy Notice here, where you can also find information on how to update your contact preferences. In the meantime, check out our culture code! Thanks again, The HubSpot Recruiting Team HubSpot is committed to a welcoming and accessible candidate experience. If you need accommodations or assistance due to a disability, please reach out to us using this form. This information will be treated as confidential and used only for the purpose of determining an appropriate accommodation for the interview process.end-of-lineSender:"Workday @ Intel Notification" <intel@myworkday.com>. Subject:Thank You for Applying for a Job at Intel. Mail:Dear Paul ,Thank you very much for taking the time to apply for the following position at Intel: Position: Offensive Security Researcher - Undergraduate Intern Job Number: JR0257781 Application Date: 2024 Feb 07 We really appreciate your interest and wanted to let you know that we have received your application.There is strong competition for jobs at Intel, and we receive many applications. As a result, it may take some time to get back to you.As you progress through your job search journey, interviews are an important step. You can find resources and helpful tips at Interviewing at Intel.Whether or not this position ends up being a fit, we will keep your information per data retention policies, so we can contact you for otherpositions that align to your experience and skill set.In the meantime, we encourage you to explore the Discover Intel section of our career website. It features employee testimonials aboutlife at Intel, as well as information on our amazing benefits and company culture.Once again, thank you for applying!The Global Talent Acquisition TeamIntel CorporationJOBREQ APP Your privacy matters to Intel and we comply with applicable data protection laws. We collect and maintain personal data for recruitmentrelated activities and your data will not be used for any other purpose. Intel will retain your data in accordance with the applicable countrylaws. We do not share your personal information with third parties.Please view our Privacy Policy for more information Note: This mailbox is not monitored. Please do not respond to this email address. This email was intended for paul.brown@gmail.comend-of-lineSender:no-reply@us.greenhouse-mail.io. Subject:Thank you for applying to Jobber! So what happens next?. Mail:Hi Thomas,You did it! We’ve successfully received your application for the Software Engineering Intern - 8 or 12 months (Summer 2024) position with Jobber.So what happens next? Well, you’ve done your part. We have your application and we're looking forward to reviewing it in detail. If it aligns with what we’re looking for, we’ll reach out to schedule an interview.Until then, you can learn more about Jobber and what we do on our website or by taking a peek at our Instagram! You might even want to check out our new podcast and hear some amazing stories from the entrepreneurs we support!Thank you again for your interest in joining Jobber!Please note: This email is sent from an unattended mailbox. Replies will not be read.end-of-lineSender:no-reply@us.greenhouse-mail.io. Subject:Thank you for applying to Jobber! So what happens next?. Mail:Hi Daniel,You did it! We’ve successfully received your application for the Software Engineering Intern - 8 or 12 months (Summer 2024) position with Jobber.So what happens next? Well, you’ve done your part. We have your application and we're looking forward to reviewing it in detail. If it aligns with what we’re looking for, we’ll reach out to schedule an interview.Until then, you can learn more about Jobber and what we do on our website or by taking a peek at our Instagram! You might even want to check out our new podcast and hear some amazing stories from the entrepreneurs we support!Thank you again for your interest in joining Jobber!Please note: This email is sent from an unattended mailbox. Replies will not be read.end-of-lineSender:Western Digital <notification@smartrecruiters.com>. Subject:Thank you for applying to Western Digital. Mail:Dear Thomas Taylor,Thank you for submitting your application for the position of Summer 2024 Intern, Data Science. We will review your application and contact you shortly.Best regards,Western Digital Hiring Team Access My Application Please do not share or forward this email, as it pertains to your specific job applicationend-of-lineSender:Moxion Power <no-reply@hire.lever.co>. Subject:Thank you for your application to Moxion Power. Mail:Hi Anthony,Thank you for your interest in Moxion Power! We wanted to let you know we received your application for Quality Engineer Intern, and we are delighted that you would consider joining our team.Our team will review your application and will be in touch if your qualifications match our needs for the role. If you are not selected for this position, keep an eye on our jobs page as we're growing and adding openings rapidly.Best,The Moxion Power Teamend-of-lineSender:no-reply@us.greenhouse-mail.io. Subject:Thank you for applying to Mercury. Mail:Charles, Thanks for applying to Mercury. Your application has been received and we will review it as soon as possible. We will reach out for a call if your application seems like a good fit. In the meantime, feel free to check out more information on our blog.All the best, Mercury Recruiting Team ** Please note: Do not reply to this email.end-of-lineSender:no-reply@us.greenhouse-mail.io. Subject:Thank you for applying to Snowflake | SI Alliances Intern. Mail:Important: To ensure future email delivery to your inbox, please add the sender "Greenhouse.io" to your contacts. And be sure to double-check your spam/promotions folder in the future.Hi Robert, Thank you for your interest in pursuing a career with Snowflake. We’ve received your application for the SI Alliances Intern role.If your application meets the requirements for the role, we will contact you regarding the next steps. Kind regards,Snowflake Recruiting TeamThis is an automated message. Please do not reply to this email. Want to learn more about us? Life at Snowflake | Fast Facts | What is Snowflake? | Snowflake Demo | Snowflake Investor Relationsend-of-lineSender:Visa <notification@smartrecruiters.com>. Subject:We Have Received Your Application!. Mail:​Hello Daniel,Thank you for your interest in launching your career at Visa! We are excited to review your application and will contact you shortly. In the meantime, check out this video on the incredible transformative work Visa has done over the past 60 years!We look forward to connecting with you. Best,Visa’s Early Careers Recruiting TeamVisa is committed to offering reasonable accommodations in our recruiting process for candidates with disabilities. If you need assistance or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability, please let us know by emailing your recruiter. Your recruiter will work with Visa’s Employee Relations team to evaluate your request. Access My Application Please do not share or forward this email, as it pertains to your specific job applicationend-of-lineSender:Western Digital <notification@smartrecruiters.com>. Subject:Thank you for applying to Western Digital. Mail:Dear Thomas Williams,Thank you for submitting your application for the position of Internship, System Design Verification Engineering. We will review your application and contact you shortly.Best regards,Western Digital Hiring Team Access My Application Please do not share or forward this email, as it pertains to your specific job applicationend-of-lineSender:GE Workday Notifications <ge@myworkday.com>. Subject:GE Job Application Update: R3726060 GE Aerospace Engineering Engines Computer or Software Engineering Intern - Summer 2024 (Open). Mail:Hi Daniel , Thank you for applying to our GE Aerospace Engineering Engines Computer or Software Engineering Intern - Summer 2024 role. We appreciate your patience.Unfortunately, our team did not select you for this role. Competition for jobs at GE is strong and we often make difficult choices between many great candidates.We would like to encourage you to keep an eye out for other opportunities at GE that interest you. We encourage you to join our Talent Community to receive up-to-the-minute job openings tailored just for you by clicking on this link.Kind regards,GE Talent Acquisition Team*This message is sent from a computer system; please do not reply to this email. This email box is not monitored. Please do not reply to this message. This email was intended for daniel.jones@gmail.comend-of-lineSender:no-reply@us.greenhouse-mail.io. Subject:Samsung Research America - 2023 Data Science Researcher Intern. Mail:Hi Mark, Thank you for your application and interest in exploring opportunities with Samsung Research America. We reviewed your profile and evaluated your candidacy for the 2023 Data Science Researcher Intern role. The hiring team has decided to pursue other candidates. Samsung continues to grow, and we are always looking for strong talent like yourself. We will keep your information on file and reach out to you if things should change in the future. Thank you again for your interest and we wish you the best of luck in your search. Samsung Research America Internshipend-of-lineSender:NVIDIA HR <nvidia@myworkday.com>. Subject:Thank you from NVIDIA. Mail:Dear Richard Johnson - Thank you for your interest in working at NVIDIA. We have reviewed your application and have decided not to move forward for the Conversational AI Research Intern role at this time. We are always hiring and hope you’ll continue to explore opportunities with us as they become available. We appreciate your passion for NVIDIA and wish you the best in your job search. Best Regards, The NVIDIA Recruiting Team This email is only intended to address the status of your application for Conversational AI Research Intern . If you have other applications in process or are currently interviewing for other positions, this is not a representation of your status for those roles.NVIDIA Applicant Privacy Policy This email was intended for richard.johnson@gmail.comend-of-lineSender:NVIDIA HR <nvidia@myworkday.com>. Subject:Thank you for your interest in NVIDIA. Mail:Dear Matthew Taylor - We want to confirm that your application for the Applied Deep Learning Scientist Intern, Genomics - 2024 role has been received. We are always looking for amazing people to join us in doing their life’s work at NVIDIA, and we’re grateful that you took the time to apply for this opportunity. We will review your application against the open position, and contact you to arrange an interview if the role is a good match for your qualifications. Thanks again for your interest in NVIDIA. Best Regards, The NVIDIA Recruiting TeamFOLLOW YOUR PASSION. LEAD A MOVEMENT.You’ll solve some of the world’s hardest problems and discover never-before-seen ways to improve the quality of life for people everywhere. From healthcare to robots. Self-driving cars to blockbuster movies. And a growing list of new opportunities every single day. Watch this video for a glimpse at why NVIDIA is like no place you've ever worked. NVIDIA Applicant Privacy Policy This email was intended for matthew.taylor@gmail.comend-of-lineSender:NVIDIA HR <nvidia@myworkday.com>. Subject:Thank you for your interest in NVIDIA. Mail:Dear Thomas Williams - We want to confirm that your application for the NVIDIA 2024 Internships: Systems Software Engineering Intern role has been received. We are always looking for amazing people to join us in doing their life’s work at NVIDIA, and we’re grateful that you took the time to apply for this opportunity. We will review your application against the open position, and contact you to arrange an interview if the role is a good match for your qualifications. Thanks again for your interest in NVIDIA. Best Regards, The NVIDIA Recruiting TeamFOLLOW YOUR PASSION. LEAD A MOVEMENT.You’ll solve some of the world’s hardest problems and discover never-before-seen ways to improve the quality of life for people everywhere. From healthcare to robots. Self-driving cars to blockbuster movies. And a growing list of new opportunities every single day. Watch this video for a glimpse at why NVIDIA is like no place you've ever worked. NVIDIA Applicant Privacy Policy This email was intended for thomas.williams@gmail.comend-of-lineSender:NVIDIA HR <nvidia@myworkday.com>. Subject:Thank you for your interest in NVIDIA. Mail:Dear Thomas Thompson - We want to confirm that your application for the Applied AI and Deep Learning Research Intern, NeMo AI Applications role has been received. We are always looking for amazing people to join us in doing their life’s work at NVIDIA, and we’re grateful that you took the time to apply for this opportunity. We will review your application against the open position, and contact you to arrange an interview if the role is a good match for your qualifications. Thanks again for your interest in NVIDIA. Best Regards, The NVIDIA Recruiting TeamFOLLOW YOUR PASSION. LEAD A MOVEMENT.You’ll solve some of the world’s hardest problems and discover never-before-seen ways to improve the quality of life for people everywhere. From healthcare to robots. Self-driving cars to blockbuster movies. And a growing list of new opportunities every single day. Watch this video for a glimpse at why NVIDIA is like no place you've ever worked. NVIDIA Applicant Privacy Policy This email was intended for thomas.thompson@gmail.comend-of-lineSender:NVIDIA HR <nvidia@myworkday.com>. Subject:Thank you for your interest in NVIDIA. Mail:Dear Steven Garcia - We want to confirm that your application for the Sales AI Intern- Summer 2024 role has been received. We are always looking for amazing people to join us in doing their life’s work at NVIDIA, and we’re grateful that you took the time to apply for this opportunity. We will review your application against the open position, and contact you to arrange an interview if the role is a good match for your qualifications. Thanks again for your interest in NVIDIA. Best Regards, The NVIDIA Recruiting TeamFOLLOW YOUR PASSION. LEAD A MOVEMENT.You’ll solve some of the world’s hardest problems and discover never-before-seen ways to improve the quality of life for people everywhere. From healthcare to robots. Self-driving cars to blockbuster movies. And a growing list of new opportunities every single day. Watch this video for a glimpse at why NVIDIA is like no place you've ever worked. NVIDIA Applicant Privacy Policy This email was intended for steven.garcia@gmail.comend-of-lineSender:NVIDIA HR <nvidia@myworkday.com>. Subject:Thank you for your interest in NVIDIA. Mail:Dear Robert Jackson - We want to confirm that your application for the Networking Solution Architect Intern, Cloud - Summer 2024 role has been received. We are always looking for amazing people to join us in doing their life’s work at NVIDIA, and we’re grateful that you took the time to apply for this opportunity. We will review your application against the open position, and contact you to arrange an interview if the role is a good match for your qualifications. Thanks again for your interest in NVIDIA. Best Regards, The NVIDIA Recruiting TeamFOLLOW YOUR PASSION. LEAD A MOVEMENT.You’ll solve some of the world’s hardest problems and discover never-before-seen ways to improve the quality of life for people everywhere. From healthcare to robots. Self-driving cars to blockbuster movies. And a growing list of new opportunities every single day. Watch this video for a glimpse at why NVIDIA is like no place you've ever worked. NVIDIA Applicant Privacy Policy This email was intended for robert.jackson@gmail.comend-of-lineSender:NVIDIA HR <nvidia@myworkday.com>. Subject:Thank you for your interest in NVIDIA. Mail:Dear Andrew Robinson - We want to confirm that your application for the NVIDIA 2024 Internships: Software Engineering Intern role has been received. We are always looking for amazing people to join us in doing their life’s work at NVIDIA, and we’re grateful that you took the time to apply for this opportunity. We will review your application against the open position, and contact you to arrange an interview if the role is a good match for your qualifications. Thanks again for your interest in NVIDIA. Best Regards, The NVIDIA Recruiting TeamFOLLOW YOUR PASSION. LEAD A MOVEMENT.You’ll solve some of the world’s hardest problems and discover never-before-seen ways to improve the quality of life for people everywhere. From healthcare to robots. Self-driving cars to blockbuster movies. And a growing list of new opportunities every single day. Watch this video for a glimpse at why NVIDIA is like no place you've ever worked. NVIDIA Applicant Privacy Policy This email was intended for andrew.robinson@gmail.comend-of-lineSender:NVIDIA HR <nvidia@myworkday.com>. Subject:Thank you for your interest in NVIDIA. Mail:Dear Christopher Harris - We want to confirm that your application for the Engineering Intern role has been received. We are always looking for amazing people to join us in doing their life’s work at NVIDIA, and we’re grateful that you took the time to apply for this opportunity. We will review your application against the open position, and contact you to arrange an interview if the role is a good match for your qualifications. Thanks again for your interest in NVIDIA. Best Regards, The NVIDIA Recruiting TeamFOLLOW YOUR PASSION. LEAD A MOVEMENT.You’ll solve some of the world’s hardest problems and discover never-before-seen ways to improve the quality of life for people everywhere. From healthcare to robots. Self-driving cars to blockbuster movies. And a growing list of new opportunities every single day. Watch this video for a glimpse at why NVIDIA is like no place you've ever worked. NVIDIA Applicant Privacy Policy This email was intended for christopher.harris@gmail.comend-of-lineSender:NVIDIA HR <nvidia@myworkday.com>. Subject:Thank you for your interest in NVIDIA. Mail:Dear Steven Miller - We want to confirm that your application for the Conversational AI Research Intern role has been received. We are always looking for amazing people to join us in doing their life’s work at NVIDIA, and we’re grateful that you took the time to apply for this opportunity. We will review your application against the open position, and contact you to arrange an interview if the role is a good match for your qualifications. Thanks again for your interest in NVIDIA. Best Regards, The NVIDIA Recruiting TeamFOLLOW YOUR PASSION. LEAD A MOVEMENT.You’ll solve some of the world’s hardest problems and discover never-before-seen ways to improve the quality of life for people everywhere. From healthcare to robots. Self-driving cars to blockbuster movies. And a growing list of new opportunities every single day. Watch this video for a glimpse at why NVIDIA is like no place you've ever worked. NVIDIA Applicant Privacy Policy This email was intended for steven.miller@gmail.comend-of-lineSender:NVIDIA HR <nvidia@myworkday.com>. Subject:Thank you for your interest in NVIDIA. Mail:Dear Andrew Garcia - We want to confirm that your application for the NVIDIA 2024 Internships: Computer Architecture Intern role has been received. We are always looking for amazing people to join us in doing their life’s work at NVIDIA, and we’re grateful that you took the time to apply for this opportunity. We will review your application against the open position, and contact you to arrange an interview if the role is a good match for your qualifications. Thanks again for your interest in NVIDIA. Best Regards, The NVIDIA Recruiting TeamFOLLOW YOUR PASSION. LEAD A MOVEMENT.You’ll solve some of the world’s hardest problems and discover never-before-seen ways to improve the quality of life for people everywhere. From healthcare to robots. Self-driving cars to blockbuster movies. And a growing list of new opportunities every single day. Watch this video for a glimpse at why NVIDIA is like no place you've ever worked. NVIDIA Applicant Privacy Policy This email was intended for andrew.garcia@gmail.comend-of-lineSender:NVIDIA HR <nvidia@myworkday.com>. Subject:Thank you for your interest in NVIDIA. Mail:Dear Charles Davis - We want to confirm that your application for the Software Engineer Intern role has been received. We are always looking for amazing people to join us in doing their life’s work at NVIDIA, and we’re grateful that you took the time to apply for this opportunity. We will review your application against the open position, and contact you to arrange an interview if the role is a good match for your qualifications. Thanks again for your interest in NVIDIA. Best Regards, The NVIDIA Recruiting TeamFOLLOW YOUR PASSION. LEAD A MOVEMENT.You’ll solve some of the world’s hardest problems and discover never-before-seen ways to improve the quality of life for people everywhere. From healthcare to robots. Self-driving cars to blockbuster movies. And a growing list of new opportunities every single day. Watch this video for a glimpse at why NVIDIA is like no place you've ever worked. NVIDIA Applicant Privacy Policy This email was intended for charles.davis@gmail.comend-of-lineSender:NVIDIA HR <nvidia@myworkday.com>. Subject:Thank you for your interest in NVIDIA. Mail:Dear Steven Jones - We want to confirm that your application for the Software Engineer Intern role has been received. We are always looking for amazing people to join us in doing their life’s work at NVIDIA, and we’re grateful that you took the time to apply for this opportunity. We will review your application against the open position, and contact you to arrange an interview if the role is a good match for your qualifications. Thanks again for your interest in NVIDIA. Best Regards, The NVIDIA Recruiting TeamFOLLOW YOUR PASSION. LEAD A MOVEMENT.You’ll solve some of the world’s hardest problems and discover never-before-seen ways to improve the quality of life for people everywhere. From healthcare to robots. Self-driving cars to blockbuster movies. And a growing list of new opportunities every single day. Watch this video for a glimpse at why NVIDIA is like no place you've ever worked. NVIDIA Applicant Privacy Policy This email was intended for steven.jones@gmail.comend-of-lineSender:NVIDIA HR <nvidia@myworkday.com>. Subject:Thank you for your interest in NVIDIA. Mail:Dear Donald Robinson - We want to confirm that your application for the NVIDIA 2024 Internships: Hardware ASIC Design and Verification Intern role has been received. We are always looking for amazing people to join us in doing their life’s work at NVIDIA, and we’re grateful that you took the time to apply for this opportunity. We will review your application against the open position, and contact you to arrange an interview if the role is a good match for your qualifications. Thanks again for your interest in NVIDIA. Best Regards, The NVIDIA Recruiting TeamFOLLOW YOUR PASSION. LEAD A MOVEMENT.You’ll solve some of the world’s hardest problems and discover never-before-seen ways to improve the quality of life for people everywhere. From healthcare to robots. Self-driving cars to blockbuster movies. And a growing list of new opportunities every single day. Watch this video for a glimpse at why NVIDIA is like no place you've ever worked. NVIDIA Applicant Privacy Policy This email was intended for donald.robinson@gmail.comend-of-lineSender:"workday-support@salesforce.com" <salesforce@myworkday.com>. Subject:William, Thanks for Applying for Salesforce's Summer 2024 Intern - Systems Engineer (GovCloud). Mail:Hi William, Hooray! You have officially applied for the Summer 2024 Intern - Systems Engineer (GovCloud) opening at Salesforce. Thank you for letting us know you’re interested in discovering new opportunities with us. Good news – your information is now in the cloud. A member of our recruiting team will personally review your application. If you’re a potential match for one of our open positions, we’ll be in touch. If we don’t have the right role for you now, don’t worry, we’ll keep your information on file for future opportunities. You can check on the status of your application at any point by logging into our Careers Site. (https://salesforce.wd12.myworkdayjobs.com/External_Career_Site) Click the button in the right corner, then select “view profile.” Thanks again for considering Salesforce and have a great week! The Salesforce Recruiting Team P.S. This is an auto-generated message. Please do not reply to this email.For information on Salesforce's commitment regarding your privacy, please see our Candidate Privacy StatementGet to know us better here: This email was intended for william.jones@gmail.com salesforce.com inc. • Salesforce Tower, 415 Mission Street, 3rd Floor, San Francisco, CA 94105end-of-lineSender:no-reply@sharkninja.com. Subject:Thank you for applying to SharkNinja Operating LLC. Mail:Paul, Thanks for applying to SharkNinja for (Summer) Test Engineer Intern: May to August 2024 . Your application has been received and we will review it right away. If your application seems like a good fit for the position we will contact you soon. Regards,SharkNinja Operating LLC ** Please note: Do not reply to this email. This email is sent from an unattended mailbox. Replies will not be read.Candidate Privacy Notice: https://www.sharkninja.com/candidate-privacy-notice/end-of-lineSender:hiring@hr.str.us. Subject:Thank you for applying to STR. Mail:Hi David, Thanks for applying to STR. Your application has been received and we will review it right away. If your application seems like a good fit for the position, we will contact you soon. Regards,STR ** Please note: Do not reply to this email. This email is sent from an unattended mailbox. Replies will not be read.end-of-lineSender:hiring@hr.str.us. Subject:Thank you for applying to STR. Mail:Hi John, Thanks for applying to STR. Your application has been received and we will review it right away. If your application seems like a good fit for the position, we will contact you soon. Regards,STR ** Please note: Do not reply to this email. This email is sent from an unattended mailbox. Replies will not be read.end-of-lineSender:hiring@hr.str.us. Subject:Thank you for applying to STR. Mail:Hi Anthony, Thanks for applying to STR. Your application has been received and we will review it right away. If your application seems like a good fit for the position, we will contact you soon. Regards,STR ** Please note: Do not reply to this email. This email is sent from an unattended mailbox. Replies will not be read.end-of-lineSender:hiring@hr.str.us. Subject:Thank you for applying to STR. Mail:Hi Robert, Thanks for applying to STR. Your application has been received and we will review it right away. If your application seems like a good fit for the position, we will contact you soon. Regards,STR ** Please note: Do not reply to this email. This email is sent from an unattended mailbox. Replies will not be read.end-of-lineSender:hiring@hr.str.us. Subject:Thank you for applying to STR. Mail:Hi Steven, Thanks for applying to STR. Your application has been received and we will review it right away. If your application seems like a good fit for the position, we will contact you soon. Regards,STR ** Please note: Do not reply to this email. This email is sent from an unattended mailbox. Replies will not be read.end-of-lineSender:hiring@hr.str.us. Subject:Thank you for applying to STR. Mail:Hi Michael, Thanks for applying to STR. Your application has been received and we will review it right away. If your application seems like a good fit for the position, we will contact you soon. Regards,STR ** Please note: Do not reply to this email. This email is sent from an unattended mailbox. Replies will not be read.end-of-lineSender:Ark Biotech <no-reply@hire.lever.co>. Subject:Thank you for your application to Ark Biotech. Mail:Hi Robert,Thank you for your interest in Ark Biotech! We wanted to let you know we received your application for Software Engineering Intern, Summer 2024, and we are delighted that you would consider joining our team.Our team will review your application and will be in touch if your qualifications match our needs for the role. If you are not selected for this position, keep an eye on our jobs page as we're growing and adding openings.Best,The Ark Biotech Teamend-of-lineSender:"no-reply@centurylink.com" <mylink.admin@centurylink.com>. Subject:Thank You for applying for 331271 - Intern - Software Engineer- Summer 2024 at Lumen!. Mail:Hi Paul, Your application has been received! Thank you for your interest in the Lumen position of Intern - Software Engineer- Summer 2024 on requisition number 331271. A member of our Talent Acquisition team will review your application and reach out to engage in further conversation if you are a good match for this role. You can check the status of your application any time and view/ edit your candidate profile by visiting our careers site and clicking on the Candidate Profile link at the bottom. Join our Talent Community! We are committed to developing talent and achieving success together. Join our Talent community for exclusive updates on career opportunities and engaging content about how Lumen furthers human progress through technology. We invite you to stay connected and learn more! The best way to find out about new job opportunities at Lumen is to visit our careers site regularly and setting up a personalized job alert to notify you of new openings as they are posted! While you’re on our site you can learn more about Lumen’s culture and our hiring process! We appreciate your interest in this opportunity and wish you all the best! Sincerely, Lumen’s Talent Acquisition Team Please do not reply to this message. This mailbox is not monitored for responses.end-of-lineSender:no-reply@us.greenhouse-mail.io. Subject:Thank you for applying to Samsung Research America Internship. Mail:Hi Matthew, Thank you for your recent application to 2023 Data Science Researcher Intern role. We appreciate your interest in Samsung Research America and we are excited to review your application! At Samsung Research America we make every effort to evaluate your candidacy with the same courtesy and respect as you have invested in submitting your application. Our recruitment team reviews the incoming resumes and will contact you if you are selected to move to the next step or if you are no longer being considered for the role. Although we are unable to personally speak with everyone that applies, if you are not selected to move forward, it just means you aren’t a fit at this time. Check out our What Happens Next page for more information on what to expect. We are frequently posting new opportunities, be sure to check them out here: SRA Join Us Page! Wishing you success,SRA Talent Acquisition Team(This domain is not set up to receive incoming mail)end-of-lineSender:Ramp Hiring Team <no-reply@ashbyhq.com>. Subject:Update on your application to Ramp. Mail:Hi Michael,Thank you for your interest in joining Ramp. We greatly appreciate you considering us in your job search. We've reviewed your application and unfortunately will not be moving forward with your candidacy for the Software Engineer Internship | Backend opening. We'll be sure to keep your information on file in case something opens up that’s a better fit for your background and skill set in the near future.Wishing you all the best,Rampend-of-lineSender:Vontier Human Resources <hr-vontier@invalidemail.com>. Subject:Update on Position MAT002499 - C#.NET Software Developer Intern (Summer 2024). Mail:Hi Donald, Thank you for your interest and for taking the time to apply to the C#.NET Software Developer Intern (Summer 2024) position with Matco Tools Corporation. Unfortunately, after careful consideration, we will not be moving forward with your candidacy. This update is only for the job listed above and does not impact your application status as it relates to any other jobs you apply to now or in the future. We encourage you to visit careers.vontier.com periodically to review and apply for job openings across our portfolio of companies focused on mobility technologies, retail and commercial fueling, fleet management, telematics, vehicle diagnostics and repair, and smart cities. Join our Talent Community to be notified when a position that matches your interests becomes available. We appreciate your interest in joining us to mobilize the future to create a better world! Best Regards, Talent Acquisition Team Matco Tools Corporation Replies to this message are undeliverable and will not reach the Talent Acquisition Team. Please do not reply.end-of-lineSender:Samsara <info@ripplematch.com>. Subject:Thank you for applying to Software Engineering Intern at Samsara. Mail:Hi Michael, Thank you for applying to the Software Engineering Intern position at Samsara. Your application has been received. We’re excited that you want to take your career to the next level! You submitted your application via RippleMatch, a platform that Samsara uses to quickly review your application and improve your candidate experience. You can track your application here. Someone from Samsara’s team will review your application closely and will reach out via email if you are selected to move forward in the hiring process. Best of luck in your search! Click here to unsubscribeend-of-lineSender:Tesla <teslarecruiting-noreply@tesla.com>. Subject:Thank you – we’ve received your Tesla application. Mail:Hello Daniel, Thank you for submitting your application for the Internship, Embedded Software Engineer, Vehicle Software (Winter/Spring 2024), 204283 position. We will be reviewing your qualifications shortly. To manage your personal data and view your application status, please sign in to Tesla Connect. Best Regards,Tesla Recruiting If you have not created an account or have forgotten your password please click here to reset it.end-of-lineSender:Ark Biotech <no-reply@hire.lever.co>. Subject:Thank you for your interest in Ark Biotech. Mail:Hi William, Thank you for your application to Ark. After reviewing your submission, we've made the decision to not move forward at this time. The internship you applied to was highly competitive, with over 3,000 applicants, only 136 of which we selected for the next stage. We appreciate your interest in Ark and wish you success in your internship search. Best, Matt FayHead of Data, Ark Biotechend-of-lineSender:GE Workday Notifications <ge@myworkday.com>. Subject:GE Job Application Update: R3696296 GE Aerospace Systems Engineering Intern - Summer 2024 (Open). Mail:Hi Andrew , Thank you for applying to our GE Aerospace Systems Engineering Intern - Summer 2024 role. We appreciate your patience.Unfortunately, our team did not select you for this role. Competition for jobs at GE is strong and we often make difficult choices between many great candidates.We would like to encourage you to keep an eye out for other opportunities at GE that interest you. We encourage you to join our Talent Community to receive up-to-the-minute job openings tailored just for you by clicking on this link.Kind regards,GE Talent Acquisition Team*This message is sent from a computer system; please do not reply to this email. This email box is not monitored. Please do not reply to this message. This email was intended for andrew.garcia@gmail.comend-of-lineSender:NVIDIA HR <nvidia@myworkday.com>. Subject:Thank you from NVIDIA. Mail:Dear Michael Williams - Thank you for your interest in working at NVIDIA. We have reviewed your application and have decided not to move forward for the Software Engineer Intern role at this time. We are always hiring and hope you’ll continue to explore opportunities with us as they become available. We appreciate your passion for NVIDIA and wish you the best in your job search. Best Regards, The NVIDIA Recruiting Team This email is only intended to address the status of your application for Software Engineer Intern . If you have other applications in process or are currently interviewing for other positions, this is not a representation of your status for those roles.NVIDIA Applicant Privacy Policy This email was intended for michael.williams@gmail.comend-of-lineSender:no-reply@us.greenhouse-mail.io. Subject:Following up on your HubSpot HubSpot Software Engineer Fall Co-op Program (USA) application. Mail:Hi KELVIN, Thank you for taking the time to apply to HubSpot. We have carefully reviewed your application for the HubSpot Software Engineer Fall Co-op Program (USA) role, and at this time, we have decided not to move forward with your candidacy.Due to the volume of applications, we are unable to provide feedback at this stage but we encourage you to visit HubSpot’s Careers Blog for additional tips on applying to HubSpot. Although we couldn’t align on a role today, there could be a future opportunity at HubSpot that’d be perfect for you, so we will keep your information, just in case. Again, thank you for applying, and best of luck in your search, The HubSpot Recruiting Team Your data may be assessed in the United States by our team in Cambridge. If you would like to know more about how we use your personal data, please review our Privacy Notice. If you would no longer like to receive communications from HubSpot’s recruitment team, click here and then click send.end-of-lineSender:no-reply@us.greenhouse-mail.io. Subject:Update from Mercury. Mail:Hi Andrew, Thank you for applying to our open Software Engineering Intern role at Mercury. We genuinely appreciate your interest in joining our company, as well as the time you spent preparing your application. After careful consideration, we've made the difficult decision to move forward with other candidates whose skills and experiences are more closely aligned with what our team is looking for at this time. We encourage you to keep an eye on our Careers Page for future opportunities as we continue to grow the team. Best, Mercury Recruiting Teamend-of-lineSender:crowdstrike@myworkday.com. Subject:Update on Your Recent CrowdStrike Job Application. Mail:Dear William, Thank you for your interest in CrowdStrike. We have reviewed your background and qualifications against our job requisition - R16402 - Internal Audit Intern (Remote) and do not see a fit at this time. We appreciate your interest in working with us. As our needs frequently change, we encourage you to revisit our career portal to learn about future opportunities.Thank you and we wish you success in your job search!Sincerely,The CrowdStrike Recruiting TeamFollow Us!InstagramLinkedInFacebook This email was intended for william.thompson@gmail.com Breaches Stop Here. · CrowdStrikeend-of-lineSender:Visa Hiring Team <notifications@smartrecruiters.com>. Subject:Thank you for your interest in Visa. Mail:​​​​​​​​​​Dear Andrew,Thank you for your interest in the Data Engineer, Intern - Summer 2024 position. We’ve reviewed your background and experience and unfortunately, we have decided to move ahead with other candidates. With that said, we encourage you to join our Early Careers Talent Community: https://earlycareers.careersatvisa.com/ to receive updates about future opportunities and insights into life at Visa.Throughout the recruiting season we will continue to refresh open roles and add new opportunities, so we encourage you to regularly explore the Early Careers page on visa.com/careers and apply to roles that match your interests and skillsets. Good luck to you in your search and we hope to be in touch again in the future. Best,Visa Early Careers Recruiting Team Sent via SmartRecruiters, your hiring success platform. Learn more about our company and policies here.end-of-lineSender:do-not-reply adobe <adobe@myworkday.com>. Subject:Thank you for Applying to Adobe. Mail:Hi James, Thank you for taking the time to apply for the R143797 2024 AI/ML Intern - Machine Learning Engineer/Researcher role. We’re fortunate to have received a lot of interest in this role, resulting in a very competitive selection process and unfortunately, at this time we have decided not to move forward with your application.While it didn’t work out this time, we hope you will continue to explore other opportunities with us by visiting our Career Site . Thank you once again for your interest in Adobe, and we wish you all the best in your search for a suitable position. * Please note: This email is sent from an unattended mailbox, please do not reply to this email.Kind Regards,Adobe Talent Acquisition Team This email was intended for james.harris@gmail.com Adobe Systems Incorporated · 345 Park Ave. San Jose, CA 95110end-of-lineSender:noreply@mail.amazon.jobs. Subject:Amazon application: Status update. Mail:Hi KELVIN, Thank you for your application for the position of 2024 Security Engineer Internship (ID: 2598459). After careful consideration and review of your application, we have decided to progress with other candidates for this role. While we are not able to provide additional feedback or information about this decision, we would like to keep in touch regarding future job opportunities. Thanks again for your interest in working at Amazon. Best regards,Amazon Recruiting Team Amazon is an equal-opportunity employer. Protecting your privacy and the security of your data are longstanding top priorities for Amazon. If you are an external candidate, please consult our Privacy Notice to learn more about how we collect, use, and transfer the personal data of our candidates. You can let us know if you do not want to be contacted for recruitment purposes. Please refer to the “What are my rights under applicable data protection laws?” section of the Notice for more information. If you are an internal candidate, please consult the Employee Privacy Notice. Please don't reply to this email, as we can't review or respond to messages at this address.end-of-lineSender:Staples Careers <Careers@staples-careers.com>. Subject:Staples Careers: Your recent job application for Software Engineer Intern (Hybrid) - June 2024 - 2449. Mail:Hello David, We received your job application for Software Engineer Intern (Hybrid) - June 2024 - 2449. If your profile corresponds to our requirements, a member of our Recruiting team will contact you. If you were requested to provide additional info about your job application, or if you want to manage your profile, go to your candidate self-service page. Sincerely, Staples Inc. This is an auto-generated message. Replies to this message are undeliverable and will not reach the hiring team.end-of-lineSender:"Workday at S&P Global" <spgi@myworkday.com>. Subject:Thank you for your Application!. Mail:Hi Robert Anderson , Thank you for your interest in the Software Engineering Intern role at S&P Global. Your online application has been received and is under review by our People Movement Team. If your experience and qualifications correspond to the requirements of this role, a member of People Movement will contact you for an initial discussion.In the meantime, please help us create a superior experience for you and other job seekers by taking our brief survey External Candidate Experience Survey. . We will use your feedback to improve our careers page, job search & application process.We also encourage you to follow us and talk with us on LinkedIn , Facebook , Twitter , for valuable updates and interactions about careers at S&P Global. To apply to additional positions, please visit our job search page at https://www.spglobal.com/careers and check back often as new opportunities are posted daily.Thank you,S&P Global People Movement TeamReplies to this message are undeliverable. Please do not reply. This email was intended for robert.anderson@gmail.com S&P Global · www.spglobal.comend-of-lineSender:Workday@sciplay.com. Subject:Hooray! Your application for Software Engineering Intern at SciPlay is in!. Mail:Hi Mark, Thank you for applying for the Software Engineering Intern position at SciPlay! We (real humans!) are reviewing your CV and will reach out ASAP. In the meantime, check out our games here. Talk to you soon! #levelUP Best, SciPlay Recruitment Team This email was intended for mark.williams@gmail.comend-of-lineSender:nextracker@myworkday.com. Subject:Application Received for Firmware Engineer Intern. Mail:Dear Paul, Thank you for applying for the role of Firmware Engineer Intern . We are currently processing your application and will be in contact with you in due course. Please note that regardless of the outcome of your application we will retain your details on file for future reference in accordance with your local privacy laws.Kind regards,Nextracker Recruiting Department This email was intended for paul.taylor@gmail.comend-of-lineSender:do-not-reply adobe <adobe@myworkday.com>. Subject:Thank you for Applying to Adobe. Mail:Hi Kenneth, Thank you for taking the time to apply for the R139227 2024 Digital Academy Intern - Software Development Engineer role. We’re fortunate to have received a lot of interest in this role, resulting in a very competitive selection process and unfortunately, at this time we have decided not to move forward with your application.While it didn’t work out this time, we hope you will continue to explore other opportunities with us by visiting our Career Site . Thank you once again for your interest in Adobe, and we wish you all the best in your search for a suitable position. * Please note: This email is sent from an unattended mailbox, please do not reply to this email.Kind Regards,Adobe Talent Acquisition Team This email was intended for kenneth.garcia@gmail.com Adobe Systems Incorporated · 345 Park Ave. San Jose, CA 95110end-of-lineSender:noreply@mail.amazon.jobs. Subject:Thank you for Applying to Amazon!. Mail:Hi KELVIN, Thanks for applying to Amazon! We've received your application for the 2024 Security Engineer Internship (ID: 2598459) position.What happens next?If we decide to move forward with your application, the Amazon recruiting team will reach out to discuss next steps. Any updates to your application status will be reflected on your Application dashboard, so be sure to check back regularly. Go to your application dashboard Explore our interview resources for more information on the hiring process and how to prepare for interviews. To learn more about our peculiar culture, visit Amazon.jobs, and get the latest Amazon news and stories by following our Day One blog. Best regards,Amazon Recruiting Team Amazon is an equal-opportunity employer. Protecting your privacy and the security of your data are longstanding top priorities for Amazon. If you are an external candidate, please consult our Privacy Notice to learn more about how we collect, use, and transfer the personal data of our candidates. You can let us know if you do not want to be contacted for recruitment purposes. Please refer to the “What are my rights under applicable data protection laws?” section of the Notice for more information. If you are an internal candidate, please consult the Employee Privacy Notice. Please don't reply to this email, as we can't review or respond to messages at this address.end-of-lineSender:Imprivata Recruiting Team <notifications@imprivata.com>. Subject:Thank You from Imprivata. Mail:Dear James,Thank you for your interest in Imprivata and the Software Engineering Intern, Automation position. We have filled this position, but we encourage you to check out the Careers section of our website and apply for other roles that fit your qualifications and interests.We wish you success in your job search!Sincerely,The Imprivata Recruiting Team-*_____ Email Preferences | Powered by Jobvite *______*end-of-lineSender:no-reply@iherb.com. Subject:Regarding your Software Developer Intern - Backend Application iHerb, LLC. Mail:Hello Christopher - The iHerb Talent Acquisition Team has completed its review of candidates for the Software Developer Intern - Backend opportunity. Unfortunately we have decided to move forward with other candidates for this open position.Although the team did not include you at this time, we appreciate your interest and will be sure to save your resume in our database for future consideration.Thank you for your interest in career opportunities with iHerb. We wish you all the best in your future endeavors.The iHerb Talent Acquisition Team---**Please do not reply to this message. Replies to this message are routed to an unmonitored mailbox.**end-of-lineSender:Jabil@myworkday.com. Subject:Thank you for your recent application with Jabil. Mail:Dear Matthew ,Thank you for applying for the ORAN Radio SW Development Engineer Summer Intern . We appreciate your interest and the effort you put into your application.After careful consideration of all the applications received, we regret to inform you that we have decided not to proceed with your candidacy for this role. While your qualifications and experience are impressive, we have identified candidates whose skills and backgrounds more closely match our requirements at this time.We understand that this news may be disappointing, but please know that this decision did not reflect your abilities or potential. We highly encourage you to pursue other Jabil opportunities aligning with your career goals and expertise.WHY JABIL?LET’S STAY CONNECTEDWant to hear about other exciting opportunities? Join our Career Network so we can stay in touch.Sign Up JABIL CAREERS ACCOUNTStay up-to-date with all your applications, and even update your contact information.Log In Leveraging the power of 250,000 people in more than 100 sites around the world, Jabil delivers comprehensive design, manufacturing, supply chain and product management services for customers in a broad range of industries.____________________________________________________________________Jabil and the Jabil logo are either registered trademarks or trademarks of Jabil in the United States and/or other countries. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.By clicking on some of the links in this email, you might be redirected to forms that will be pre-populated with your contact information.This is a marketing email from Jabil Inc. Click here to manage your email preferences.Please review the Jabil Privacy Policy. To ensure email delivery, add blank@jabil.com to your address book, contacts, or safe sender list.©Jabil Inc. 2023. All Rights Reserved. Confidential and Proprietary. This email was intended for matthew.smith@gmail.comend-of-lineSender:no-reply@iherb.com. Subject:Thank You for Applying (iHerb Careers). Mail:Dear Richard - We have received your recent application. Thank you for your interest in career opportunities with iHerb.What happens next? The Talent Acquisition team will review your information against other candidates and get back to you if there is a match. A recruiter will then contact you to discuss your background/experience and also answer any initial questions you have about the role.In the meantime, we welcome you to visit our careers website to learn more about our business and to get a better understanding of the iHerb culture.The Talent Acquisition TeamiHerb ** Please do not reply to this message. Replies to this message are routed to an unmonitored mailbox.**end-of-lineSender:no-reply@us.greenhouse-mail.io. Subject:Thanks for applying to Seismic. Mail:Hi Matthew, Thanks for submitting your application for the Software Engineer Intern (AI/Machine Learning) role, it’s been successfully received! We’re thrilled that you’re interested in a career at Seismic. What happens now? We'll review your application and get in touch if you’re a match for the role. Keep your eye on your spam or junk folders as our messages may end up there. In the meantime, check out what we’ve been up to on our social channels! LinkedIn | Instagram | Twitter Best, Seismic Recruiting Team ** Please note this message was sent from a No Reply email inbox. We’re unable to respond to any message received to this email address.end-of-lineSender:curtisswright@myworkday.com. Subject:Thank-you for your application with Curtiss-Wright!. Mail:Dear Andrew, Thank you for your application to the Software Engineering Intern position at our US-NY-East Farmingdale (Peerless) facility. We appreciate your interest in Curtiss-Wright and our global career opportunities. Please accept this email as confirmation that your application has been received and is currently under review. We will be in contact again via email once a decision has been made. Thanks again for your interest in Curtiss-Wright. Sincerely,The Curtiss-Wright Talent Acquisition TeamCurtiss-Wright CorporationThis email box is not monitored. Please do not reply to this message. This email was intended for andrew.thomas@gmail.com Curtiss-Wright Corporation · 130 Harbour Place Drive Suite 300 Davidson, NC 28036end-of-lineSender:Jabil@myworkday.com. Subject:Jabil - Thank You for Applying. Mail:Dear John , Thank you for your interest in a career with Jabil.We have received your information and are currently reviewing your application for the position of ORAN Radio SW Development Engineer Summer Intern . If your qualifications match the requirements of the position, a member of our recruiting team will be in contact with you to discuss next steps.WHY JABIL?LET’S STAY CONNECTEDWant to hear about other exciting opportunities? Join our Career Network so we can stay in touch.Sign Up JABIL CAREERS ACCOUNTStay up-to-date with all your applications, and even update your contact information.Log In Leveraging the power of 250,000 people in more than 100 sites around the world, Jabil delivers comprehensive design, manufacturing, supply chain and product management services for customers in a broad range of industries.____________________________________________________________________Jabil and the Jabil logo are either registered trademarks or trademarks of Jabil in the United States and/or other countries. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.By clicking on some of the links in this email, you might be redirected to forms that will be pre-populated with your contact information.This is a marketing email from Jabil Inc. Click here to manage your email preferences.Please review the Jabil Privacy Policy. To ensure email delivery, add blank@jabil.com to your address book, contacts, or safe sender list.©Jabil Inc. 2023. All Rights Reserved. Confidential and Proprietary. This email was intended for john.martin@gmail.comend-of-lineSender:Fluidra North America Recruiting Team <notification@jobvite.com>. Subject:Your application for Software Engineering Intern at Fluidra North America. Mail:Hi Andrew,Thank you for your interest in a career at Fluidra North America. We have received your application for Software Engineering Intern. We will review your resume and contact you if we believe your background and skills to be a good match with any of our current positions.Prepare for an interview by learning more about our company:Visit the Fluidra USA career page: https://www.fluidrausa.com/en/careersIn the meantime, to view the status of your application, please go to the following link:Application StatusSincerely,The Fluidra North America Recruiting Team-*_____ You can reply directly to this message or click here to reply via your Jobvite user account. Email Preferences | Powered by Jobvite *______*end-of-lineSender:LinkedIn <jobs-noreply@linkedin.com>. Subject:Thomas, your application was sent to Walturn. Mail:Your application was sent to Walturn‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ Your application was sent to Walturn Software Engineering Intern Walturn · New York, NY Applied: 20 seconds ago View similar jobs you may be interested in Software Engineer Intern NETSCOUT · Westford, MA Software Engineering Intern Zodiac Pool Systems, Inc. · Carlsbad, CA Software Engineer Intern Ellis · Brooklyn, NY See more This email was intended for Thomas Martinez (Seeking Summer 2024 internship | Grad student | MS computer engineering). Learn why we included this. You are receiving Job Application Confirmation emails. Unsubscribe · Help © 2024 LinkedIn Corporation, 1‌000 West Maude Avenue, Sunnyvale, CA 94085. LinkedIn and the LinkedIn logo are registered trademarks of LinkedIn.end-of-lineSender:zelis@myworkday.com. Subject:Thank You For Applying - Software Engineering Intern. Mail:Dear Candidate,Thank you so much for applying! Your application will be taken into careful consideration and you will hear back from us after we review your application.ThanksThis email box is not monitored. Please do not reply to this message. This email was intended for steven.jackson@gmail.comend-of-lineSender:no-reply@coherehealth.com. Subject:Your application to Cohere Health. Mail:Hi Donald, Thank you for your interest in Cohere Health. Unfortunately, our team has filled this position prior to the review of your application for the Software Engineer Security Co-Op position. Please take a look at our Job Board and apply to anything else you might be interested in! Our hiring needs continue to evolve and we will certainly keep your information on file and consider you for future roles as they become available as well.We wish you the best of luck in your career search and are confident you will find something perfect for you soon. Warmest Regards,The Cohere Health Talent Acquisition Teamend-of-lineSender:<TrystarInc.hr@adp.com>. Subject:Application Status: Software Engineer - Intern , Trystar Inc. Mail:Disclaimer: This email has been sent by the HR team at Trystar Inc using ADP services. Thank you for your interest in employment with Trystar. We have received your application for the position of Software Engineer - Intern. However, at this time we have decided to proceed with other candidates for this position and your application is no longer under consideration. We appreciate you considering Trystar and wish you the best of luck in your endeavors. Thanks,Human Resources Note: You must use the same email you used to log in to the career center when applying for jobs.end-of-lineSender:"Mercedes-Benz R&D North America" <no-reply@hire.lever.co>. Subject:Update on your Mercedes-Benz R&D Embedded Software Engineer Intern application.. Mail:Hi Robert, Thank you for your interest in Mercedes-Benz Research and Development North America. We appreciate you taking the time to apply to our Embedded Software Engineer Intern role. Our hiring team had a chance to review your resume and though we think you are incredibly talented with some good experience, we have decided to move forward with other candidates for the position at this time. We know applying is a huge investment of your time so we appreciate you considering Mercedes-Benz R&D. We would like to keep your information on file and reach out to you should any suitable positions become available in the future. New positions are always appearing on our job site so feel free to apply if you see one you're interested in. If there are other positions you have applied to, you will be followed up individually about them. Wishing you the best of luck in your search, MBRDNA Recruitingend-of-lineSender:"Mercedes-Benz R&D North America" <no-reply@hire.lever.co>. Subject:Update on your Mercedes-Benz R&D Embedded Software Engineer Intern application.. Mail:Hi William, Thank you for your interest in Mercedes-Benz Research and Development North America. We appreciate you taking the time to apply to our Embedded Software Engineer Intern role. Our hiring team had a chance to review your resume and though we think you are incredibly talented with some good experience, we have decided to move forward with other candidates for the position at this time. We know applying is a huge investment of your time so we appreciate you considering Mercedes-Benz R&D. We would like to keep your information on file and reach out to you should any suitable positions become available in the future. New positions are always appearing on our job site so feel free to apply if you see one you're interested in. If there are other positions you have applied to, you will be followed up individually about them. Wishing you the best of luck in your search, MBRDNA Recruitingend-of-lineSender:NVIDIA HR <nvidia@myworkday.com>. Subject:Thank you for your interest in NVIDIA. Mail:Dear Joseph, Thanks for your interest in careers at NVIDIA.Our intern recruiting season is now complete. We encourage you to explore our general hiring areas and Student Resources Guide for more information about NVIDIA, self-paced courses, career resources, and so much more! Keep an eye on our careers page for any new upcoming opportunities.Be sure to follow us on LinkedIn, Instagram and NVIDIA Blog.Thank you,NVIDIA University RecruitingThis email is only intended to address the status of your application for JR1970233 - NVIDIA 2024 Internships: Systems Software Engineering Intern . If you have other applications in process or are currently interviewing for other positions, this is not a representation of your status for those roles.NVIDIA Applicant Privacy Policy This email was intended for joseph.jones@gmail.comend-of-lineSender:KION Group Workday <kiongroup@myworkday.com>. Subject:Your application at. Mail:Dear Michael Thompson,Many thanks for your application for the role of Software Development Intern and for the interest that you have shown in our company.We have carefully reviewed your application. Unfortunately, your application has not been successful on this occasion. We would like to sincerely thank you for the time and effort you have invested.We wish you all the best and every success for your future career. Kind regards,Dat PhamPhone dat.pham@kiongroup.comOur shared KION Group values: Integrity | Collaboration | Courage | ExcellenceFollow us on Instagram | TikTok | LinkedIn | YouTube | WeChat | X (Twitter) |Facebook[OU/ legal entity URL]www.kiongroup.com This email was intended for michael.thompson@gmail.com KION GROUP AG · Thea-Rasche-Strasse 8, 60549 Frankfurt am Main, Germany | www.kiongroup.comend-of-lineSender:LinkedIn <jobs-noreply@linkedin.com>. Subject:Joseph, your application was sent to Corporation Service Company. Mail:Your application was sent to Corporation Service Company‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ Your application was sent to Corporation Service Company Software Engineer Intern (Fall 2024) Corporation Service Company · Buffalo Grove, IL Applied: 5 seconds ago View similar jobs you may be interested in Software Engineer Intern Sapidly · United States Software Engineer Intern Anarchy Labs · New York, NY Machine Learning Engineering Intern Stem Essay · Sunnyvale, CA See more This email was intended for Joseph Brown (Seeking Summer 2024 internship | Grad student | MS computer engineering). Learn why we included this. You are receiving Job Application Confirmation emails. Unsubscribe · Help © 2024 LinkedIn Corporation, 1‌000 West Maude Avenue, Sunnyvale, CA 94085. LinkedIn and the LinkedIn logo are registered trademarks of LinkedIn.end-of-lineSender:LinkedIn <jobs-noreply@linkedin.com>. Subject:Donald, your application was sent to Creatify AI. Mail:Your application was sent to Creatify AI‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ Your application was sent to Creatify AI Software Engineer Intern Creatify AI · Mountain View, CA Applied: 44 seconds ago View similar jobs you may be interested in Software Engineer Intern Sapidly · United States Software Engineer Intern Anarchy Labs · New York, NY Machine Learning Engineering Intern Stem Essay · Sunnyvale, CA See more This email was intended for Donald Anderson (Seeking Summer 2024 internship | Grad student | MS computer engineering). Learn why we included this. You are receiving Job Application Confirmation emails. Unsubscribe · Help © 2024 LinkedIn Corporation, 1‌000 West Maude Avenue, Sunnyvale, CA 94085. LinkedIn and the LinkedIn logo are registered trademarks of LinkedIn.end-of-lineSender:LinkedIn <jobs-noreply@linkedin.com>. Subject:Joseph, your application was sent to Algorithmic Intel Matrix. Mail:Your application was sent to Algorithmic Intel Matrix‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ Your application was sent to Algorithmic Intel Matrix Software Developer Algorithmic Intel Matrix · India Applied: 9 minutes ago View similar jobs you may be interested in Software Engineer Intern Sapidly · United States Software Engineer Intern Anarchy Labs · New York, NY Software Development Intern Dematic Global - WD · Grand Rapids, MI See more This email was intended for Joseph White (Seeking Summer 2024 internship | Grad student | MS computer engineering). Learn why we included this. You are receiving Job Application Confirmation emails. Unsubscribe · Help © 2024 LinkedIn Corporation, 1‌000 West Maude Avenue, Sunnyvale, CA 94085. LinkedIn and the LinkedIn logo are registered trademarks of LinkedIn.end-of-lineSender:LinkedIn <jobs-noreply@linkedin.com>. Subject:David, your application was sent to Hiremi. Mail:Your application was sent to Hiremi‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ Your application was sent to Hiremi Software Developer Intern Hiremi · Bengaluru Applied: 3 minutes ago View similar jobs you may be interested in Software Engineer Intern Sapidly · United States Software Engineer Intern Anarchy Labs · New York, NY Software Development Intern Dematic Global - WD · Grand Rapids, MI See more This email was intended for David Smith (Seeking Summer 2024 internship | Grad student | MS computer engineering). Learn why we included this. You are receiving Job Application Confirmation emails. Unsubscribe · Help © 2024 LinkedIn Corporation, 1‌000 West Maude Avenue, Sunnyvale, CA 94085. LinkedIn and the LinkedIn logo are registered trademarks of LinkedIn.end-of-lineSender:no-reply@cloudsek.com. Subject:Thank you for applying to SDE - Backend - Intern at CloudSEK. Mail:Dear John,Thank you for your interest with CloudSEK! Enthusiasm for work is a very valuable trait that we seek here. Our team has received your application and will be reviewing it shortly. What can you expect next? If you resume and skillset match the role, our team will contact you for discussing next steps If you are not a match, you will be notified accordingly. However, now that we are aware of your skills, expect us to connect again later when we have the right opportunity for you! Often than not, we receive overwhelming no. of responses to any particular role and hence may not be able to speak or respond to each applicant individually. This may also sometimes result in a bit of a delay as well.However, be rest assured that the team is looking at your application and we will communicate next steps very soon.Regards,Talent Acquisition & ResearchCloudSEK** Please note: Do not reply to this email. This email is sent from an unattended mailbox. Replies will not be read.end-of-lineSender:Vidyalai <mailer@vidyalai.com>. Subject:Confirmation: Your Application has been Recorded for the position Full Stack Developer Intern at Vidyalai. Mail:Dear Mark Taylor, This is to inform you that we have successfully received your application for the Full Stack Developer Intern at Vidyalai. We appreciate the time and effort you invested in the application process. Your application is currently under review by our hiring team. We will carefully assess your qualifications and experience to determine if they align with the requirements of the position. Please allow us some time to thoroughly evaluate all applications. If your application progresses to the next stage of the selection process, we will be in touch with you to discuss the next steps. Best regards, Vidyalaiend-of-lineSender:Kayla LaGattuta <kayla@netography.com>. Subject:Important information about your application to Netography. Mail:Thomas, Unfortunately, we have decided not to proceed with your candidacy for the current opening at Netography. We received many qualified applicants and have decided to move ahead with another candidate who we feel is a better match for this particular position. Thanks again for your interest in Netography and we wish you luck in your search. Regards, Netographyend-of-lineSender:Momentus Technologies <notification@smartrecruiters.com>. Subject:Thank you for applying to Momentus Technologies. Mail:Greetings Charles,Great news! We have received your job application. At least we think it’s yours. It is possible that someone who thinks very highly of you is forwarding around your resume while pretending to be you. That’s not a bad thing, is it?In any case, this is an automatic email, sent by a mindless robot, to let you know that we're absolutely thrilled that you would be interested in working for Momentus Technologies. We're very honored.Even though this is an automatic email, it's not per the usual, so please read on...First things first -- what to expect? Well, it may take a week or two (or even three or four as our volume of applications have increased) before we have an opportunity to review your application. We promise we will review it carefully. Should we determine that this could be a perfect match, we will reach out for next steps!In the meantime, check us out on Facebook, LinkedIn, or Instagram to get an inside look on the culture at Momentus Technologies.Momentus Technologies | Home (gomomentus.com) Best regards, Momentus Technologies Hiring Team Access My Application Please do not share or forward this email, as it pertains to your specific job applicationend-of-lineSender:no-reply@us.greenhouse-mail.io. Subject:Thank you for applying to Skydio!. Mail:Hey Christopher, Thank you for submitting your application to the Fullstack Software Engineer Intern role. We are thrilled you would consider joining us. The team will review your application, and we will be in touch soon if it seems like there could be a good fit. Cheers,The Skydio TeamFollow Skydio on LinkedInend-of-lineSender:LinkedIn <jobs-noreply@linkedin.com>. Subject:William, your application was sent to HEKA. Mail:Your application was sent to HEKA‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ Your application was sent to HEKA Software Engineering Intern HEKA · Melbourne, FL Applied: 5 seconds ago View similar jobs you may be interested in Software Engineering Intern - Summer 2024 - Remote Momentus Technologies · St Louis, MO AI/ML Engineer Intern - Fall 2024 Cranium · United States Robotics Engineering Intern, application via RippleMatch RippleMatch · San Francisco, CA See more This email was intended for William Wilson (Seeking Summer 2024 internship | Grad student | MS computer engineering). Learn why we included this. You are receiving Job Application Confirmation emails. Unsubscribe · Help © 2024 LinkedIn Corporation, 1‌000 West Maude Avenue, Sunnyvale, CA 94085. LinkedIn and the LinkedIn logo are registered trademarks of LinkedIn.end-of-lineSender:Heka Aero LLC <noreply@applytojob.com>. Subject:Matthew, we've received your resume. Mail:Hello Matthew,Thank you for your interest in employment at Heka Aero LLC. If your qualifications match our needs, we will contact you to learn more about your fit in this position.Thanks again for your inquiry.- Heka Aero LLCend-of-lineSender:Julia Yazdgerdi <julia.yazdgerdi@codehunter.com>. Subject:Software Engineering Intern - CodeHunter. Mail:Dear Daniel, We have received your application for the open position of Software Engineering Intern at CodeHunter. Your application is being reviewed. You will be hearing from us shortly. Thank you for your interest in CodeHunter. Sincerely, Julia Yazdgerdiend-of-lineSender:no-reply@us.greenhouse-mail.io. Subject:Thank you for applying to Netography. Mail:Matthew, Thanks for applying to Netography. Your application has been received and we will review it right away. If your application seems like a good fit for the position we will contact you soon. Regards, Netography ** Please note: Do not reply to this email. This email is sent from an unattended mailbox. Replies will not be read.end-of-lineSender:Workable <noreply@candidates.workablemail.com>. Subject:Thanks for applying to CodeHunter. Mail:Your application for the Software Engineering Intern job was submitted successfully. Here's a copy of your application data for safekeeping. Personal information Name Donald Brown Email donald.brown@gmail.com Phone +16316150394 Profile Resume resume.docx Details Answers Are you legally authorized to work in the United States without sponsorship now and in the future? Yes Were you referred to apply to CodeHunter by a current team member? If yes, please input the person's name below. NAN Do you currently reside in the DC area and if so, are you willing and able to commute to HQ in Tysons Corner, VA, Mon through Thurs? No Withdraw this application Powered by Workableend-of-lineSender:no-reply@greenhouse.io. Subject:Thank you for applying to Vectara. Mail:David, Thanks for applying to Vectara. Your application has been received and we will review it right away. If your application seems like a good fit for the position we will contact you soon. Regards, Vectara ** Please note: Do not reply to this email. This email is sent from an unattended mailbox. Replies will not be read.end-of-lineSender:thredup@myworkday.com. Subject:Following up on your thredUP application for Software Engineer Intern (Knowledge Graph & LLM). Mail:Hi William, Thanks for all of the time you invested in applying to our Software Engineer Intern (Knowledge Graph & LLM) position at thredUP. We’d like to extend a virtual handshake, and let you know we really appreciate your interest in joining us.We were overwhelmed by all of the enthusiastic candidates who applied for this position (including you!). That said, at this time we have decided not to move forward with your application.Things can (and do!) shift around here, so we’ll keep your information on file should a future position open up that highlights your talents. With a background and skills like yours, we’re confident you’ll find something great.Again, thanks for your enthusiasm and interest. Best of luck with your current search, and please keep in touch.Best,The People Team at thredUP This email was intended for william.davis@gmail.com thredUP • 969 Broadway Suite 200, Oakland, CA 94607end-of-lineSender:"Snap One, LLC Recruiting Team" <no-reply@jobvite.com>. Subject:Snap One Application| Thank You for Your Interest. Mail:Dear David Thank you for your interest in employment with Snap One for the Software Engineering Intern.We have reviewed your resume and have carefully considered your qualifications. We appreciate you investing time in us, but we have decided to pursue other candidates who more closely align with the needs of this role.We will maintain your records and should a position open that matches your qualifications, we may contact you. We also encourage you to visit our website as new positions become available.We appreciate your interest in our company and wish you success in your career search.Best Regards,Snap One Talent Acquisition Team-*_____ Email Preferences | Powered by Jobvite *______*end-of-lineSender:"Snap One, LLC Recruiting Team" <notification@jobvite.com>. Subject:Your application for Software Engineering Intern at Snap One, LLC. Mail:Dear William,Thank you for your interest in a career at Snap One, LLC. We have received your application for Software Engineering Intern.What happens now? We will review your application and will contact you if there is a good match.In the meantime, to view the status of your application, please go to the following link:Application StatusSincerely,The Snap One, LLC Recruiting Team-*_____ You can reply directly to this message or click here to reply via your Jobvite user account. Email Preferences | Powered by Jobvite *______*end-of-lineSender:"Workday at S&P Global" <spgi@myworkday.com>. Subject:Thank you for your Application!. Mail:Hi Paul Robinson , Thank you for your interest in the Summer Intern, Software Development role at S&P Global. Your online application has been received and is under review by our People Movement Team. If your experience and qualifications correspond to the requirements of this role, a member of People Movement will contact you for an initial discussion.In the meantime, please help us create a superior experience for you and other job seekers by taking our brief survey External Candidate Experience Survey. . We will use your feedback to improve our careers page, job search & application process.We also encourage you to follow us and talk with us on LinkedIn , Facebook , Twitter , for valuable updates and interactions about careers at S&P Global. To apply to additional positions, please visit our job search page at https://www.spglobal.com/careers and check back often as new opportunities are posted daily.Thank you,S&P Global People Movement TeamReplies to this message are undeliverable. Please do not reply. This email was intended for paul.robinson@gmail.com S&P Global · www.spglobal.comend-of-lineSender:thredup@myworkday.com. Subject:Thank you for applying to ThredUp. Mail:Hi Robert, Woohoo! Thanks for taking the time to express your interest in joining the ThredUp team. We always love hearing from people who are inspired by our company and excited about our open positions.We know you won’t be on the job market forever, so we’ll respond as soon as we can. While we review your application it would mean a lot to us if you could complete the following Work Opportunity Tax Credit questionnaire. It only takes about 2 minutes to complete!Thanks for your patience as we give your application the thoughtful consideration it deserves. In the meantime, please feel free to check these resources to learn more about ThredUp:Resale Report: https://www.thredup.com/resaleImpact Report: https://ir.thredup.com/static-files/43fcb53d-0613-494b-a070-bbb90b714d19Company Playbook: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1nqsWDU7-NKeOSjJ5lYYBtJw_WQ1OVLRm/viewStay tuned,The People Team at ThredUp Click here to complete the Work Opportunity Tax Credit QuestionnaireClick here to learn more about the Work Opportunity Tax Credit This email was intended for robert.smith@gmail.com thredUP • 969 Broadway Suite 200, Oakland, CA 94607end-of-lineSender:"eMoney Advisor, LLC Recruiting Team" <notification@jobvite.com>. Subject:Your submission for Intern, Software Engineer at eMoney Advisor. Mail:Hello Charles,We received your application for the Intern, Software Engineer role here at eMoney and appreciate you taking the time to apply. Please bear with us while we review your resume. If your skills and experience align with what we are looking for, someone from our Talent Strategy team will reach out with next steps. To view the status of your submission, please follow this link:Application StatusTake a look at our LinkedIn page to learn more about us, our people, and our culture- https://www.linkedin.com/company/emoney-advisor/life/2599f0ab-5215-48d2-8f3d-de4b095d0224/Thanks,The eMoney Talent Strategy Team-*_____ You can reply directly to this message or click here to reply via your Jobvite user account. Email Preferences | Powered by Jobvite *______*end-of-lineSender:LinkedIn <jobs-noreply@linkedin.com>. Subject:David, your application was sent to Anarchy Labs. Mail:Your application was sent to Anarchy Labs‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ Your application was sent to Anarchy Labs Software Engineer Intern Anarchy Labs · New York, NY Applied: 5 seconds ago View similar jobs you may be interested in AI/ML Engineer Intern - Fall 2024 Cranium · United States AI/ML Engineer Intern - Summer 2025 Cranium · Short Hills, NJ Machine Learning Intern Coppola Ventures · United States See more This email was intended for David Harris (Seeking Summer 2024 internship | Grad student | MS computer engineering). Learn why we included this. You are receiving Job Application Confirmation emails. Unsubscribe · Help © 2024 LinkedIn Corporation, 1‌000 West Maude Avenue, Sunnyvale, CA 94085. LinkedIn and the LinkedIn logo are registered trademarks of LinkedIn.end-of-lineSender:LinkedIn <jobs-noreply@linkedin.com>. Subject:Richard, your application was sent to Scoper. Mail:Your application was sent to Scoper‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ ‌ Your application was sent to Scoper Software Engineer Intern Scoper · United States Applied: 21 seconds ago View similar jobs you may be interested in AI/ML Engineer Intern - Fall 2024 Cranium · United States AI/ML Engineer Intern - Summer 2025 Cranium · Short Hills, NJ Machine Learning Intern Coppola Ventures · United States See more This email was intended for Richard Martinez (Seeking Summer 2024 internship | Grad student | MS computer engineering). Learn why we included this. You are receiving Job Application Confirmation emails. Unsubscribe · Help © 2024 LinkedIn Corporation, 1‌000 West Maude Avenue, Sunnyvale, CA 94085. LinkedIn and the LinkedIn logo are registered trademarks of LinkedIn.end-of-lineSender:swbc@myworkday.com. Subject:Thank you for your resume submission for the Software Engineering Intern position with SWBC!. Mail:William Wilson - Thank you for your interest in career opportunities with SWBC! We have received your resume with regards to the Software Engineering Intern position and we are currently reviewing your credentials. Should we determine that your background and experience meets our hiring needs, we will contact you with further instructions. If you are not selected for current employment opportunities, we will keep your resume on file for future consideration. Again, we sincerely appreciate your interest in employment with SWBC. EOE/M/F/V/D **Please do not reply to this automated e-mail message**Business Process: Job Application: William Wilson ‎- R0011363 Software Engineering Intern on 05/16/2024Subject: William Wilson ‎- R0011363 Software Engineering InternClick here to log into Workday.http://www.swbc.com This email was intended for william.wilson@gmail.comend-of-lineSender:3DS Talent Acquisition <ta-3DS@3ds.com>. Subject:3DS Talent Acquisition - We received your resume/CV. Mail:Dear Richard, Thank you for your interest in our Company! You just started your journey with us and we hope your experience will be a pleasant one. Your application for the position of INTERNSHIP - SIMULIA Web Applications Engineer - 539165 will be carefully evaluated by our Talent Acquisition Team and we will reach out to you shortly to notify you of its progress. In the meantime, we invite you to follow our career pages on our social media. If you would like to follow-up your application, click here. We wish you every success in your search for career development. Kind regards, The Talent Acquisition Team Your candidate experience is very important to us! You will be invited to participate in a survey from Meilleures-entreprises.com that will ask for your evaluation as a recent candidate with Dassault Systemes. Thank you in advance for your contribution ! Please do not reply to this automatically-generated message. Replies are undeliverable and will not reach the 3DS Talent Acquisition & Mobility team. This email is an automated notification. This email and any attachments are intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom it is addressed and may be confidential and/or privileged. If you are not one of the named recipients or have received this email in error, (i) you should not read, disclose, or copy it, (ii) please notify sender of your receipt by reply email and delete this email and all attachments, (iii) Dassault Systemes does not accept or assume any liability or responsibility for any use of or reliance on this email. For other languages, go to http://www.3ds.com/terms/email-disclaimer ©2016 Dassault Systèmes. All rights reserved. 3DEXPERIENCE, the Compass icon and the 3DS logo, CATIA, SOLIDWORKS, ENOVIA, DELMIA, SIMULIA, GEOVIA, 3D VIA, BIOVIA, NETVIBES, and 3DEXCITE are commercial trademarks or registered trademarks of Dassault Systèmes or its subsidiaries in the U.S. and/or other countries. All other trademarks are owned by their respective owners. Use of any Dassault Systèmes or its subsidiaries trademarks is subject to their express written approval. Click here to instantly unsubscribe from future email communications from Dassault Systèmes Careers.end-of-lineSender:AMETEK Talent Acquisition Team <AMETEK.Recruiting@successfactors.com>. Subject:Thank you for applying to Ametek, Inc.. Mail:Dear Andrew, Your application for the position of ​Software Engineering Intern-Video and Image Processing has been received. We will review your qualifications against the requirements for this job, and you will receive an update on your status as an applicant. Thank you for your interest in AMETEK. AMETEK Talent Acquisition Team Please do not reply to this message as this email address cannot accept incoming responses.end-of-lineSender:Belinda Jessup <Careers@staples-careers.com>. Subject:Thank you for your interest in Staples. Mail:Dear Michael, Thank you for your interest in career opportunities at Staples. The 2449 Software Engineer Intern (Hybrid) - June 2024 position you applied to has been filled. We welcome you to apply to additional opportunities at Staples by visiting our careers site. Please note, if you’ve applied to more than one position at Staples, you’ll receive individual consideration and a follow-up for each position. Once again, we appreciate your interest in Staples and wish you every success in your career journey. Sincerely, Staples Talent Acquisition Teamend-of-lineSender:no-reply@us.greenhouse-mail.io. Subject:Thank you for your interest / information about your application to CATHEXIS. Mail:Michael, We would like to thank you for the time you invested in learning about and applying to our company. Unfortunately, we have decided not to proceed with your candidacy for the AI Developer and IT Operations Intern opening at CATHEXIS. We received many qualified applicants and have decided to move ahead with other candidates who we feel are a better match for this particular position. Thank you again for your interest in CATHEXIS, we encourage you to continue to review our open positions and apply to future roles, and we will keep your profile on file for future opportunities. We wish you the best of luck in your search. Regards, Recruiting TeamCATHEXISend-of-lineSender:NVIDIA HR <nvidia@myworkday.com>. Subject:Thank you for your interest in NVIDIA. Mail:Dear Robert, Thanks for your interest in careers at NVIDIA.Our intern recruiting season is now complete. We encourage you to explore our general hiring areas and Student Resources Guide for more information about NVIDIA, self-paced courses, career resources, and so much more! Keep an eye on our careers page for any new upcoming opportunities.Be sure to follow us on LinkedIn, Instagram and NVIDIA Blog.Thank you,NVIDIA University RecruitingThis email is only intended to address the status of your application for JR1970235 - NVIDIA 2024 Internships: Computer Architecture Intern . If you have other applications in process or are currently interviewing for other positions, this is not a representation of your status for those roles.NVIDIA Applicant Privacy Policy This email was intended for robert.thompson@gmail.comend-of-line