18e016d74fd6f8bd
"Ellucian @ icims" <ellucian+autoreply@talent.icims.com>
Thank you for applying at Ellucian
Hello Kelvin, Thank you for your interest in Ellucian! We appreciate the time you took to apply to our job opening, Software Engineer Intern, and look forward to reviewing your resume! We know applying for a job can be exciting and, at times, nerve-racking. Particularly when you find your dream job, click apply, and then wait only to feel like you’ve been submitted into a blackhole. We’ve been there too! So, we want to provide some insight on our process to give you an understanding on what happens when you click that ‘submit’ button like you did a few minutes ago. Ellucian Application Process: Review Process: We typically receive 50+ applications per job opening. Being a high-growth company means our recruiters are working hard on lots of projects, including reviewing your application. We work hard to get back to applicants within 3-5 business days. Generally, we’re pretty good at this, but sometimes it can run a bit longer. Interview Selection: Our goal is to keep our process as open and transparent as possible. We’re fortunate to have a lot of talented individuals who want to join Ellucian. If you are not selected it just means there were other candidates in the mix whose backgrounds were better aligned at this time. In these cases, we will send you an email letting you know and will encourage you to sign up for our Talent Community to receive updates on future opportunities. Interview Process: If you are selected to move forward, the initial stage of the interview process is a 30-minute phone screen with a recruiter. This call is an exploratory conversation for you to get an understanding of the overall opportunity and our company culture, while giving us a chance to learn about your background to determine if we’re a good fit for one another. We understand you’re interviewing us as much as we’re interviewing you! If there’s mutual interest, the next steps would be a conversation with the Hiring Manager, followed by 1-2 rounds of interviews. The full interview cycle can run anywhere from a few weeks to a couple of months depending on the role, but we aim for weeks whenever possible. Once an offer has been accepted, we close the position and will notify all active candidates. Candidate Experience: Ellucian prides itself on providing a world-class customer experience – and it’s with that same spirit that we approach our candidate experience. We hope that you’ll find our process to be transparent, respectful, highly communicative and above all…authentic. Thank you again for your interest in Ellucian! Sincerely, The Ellucian Talent Acquisition Team This is an automated email response. Please do not reply. This message was sent to kelvin4jaison@gmail.com. If you don't want to receive these emails from this company in the future, please go to:https://ellucian.icims.com/icims2/?r=AC76276987&contactId=704243&pid=17 © Ellucian
